# 2025-02-19

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-02-19.md#action-items)
- SIG Quarterly Update: Architecture SIG (David Alexander, co-chair
- Special Interest Groups - Discussion
- Project Proposal
    - Project Proposal: [Aries VCX](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/54)
- Open discussion and next steps
    - [TAC Website](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/) - Improve the UX

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aX_V2MUaUDluRrCdcuNP77t01i2gDKV_TX60JUI8XNU/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/_uREVAyK7k4QmWywzQI3Sq9IoiRQ35IJWni9O4B_F53LlGKulenh0WcbRlZCxVaT.mTqOD3lM5EVtefFA)

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] ~~David Zeuthen~~
- [ ] ~~Jaehoon (Ace) Shim~~
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [ ] ~~Stefan Kauhaus~~
- [x] Stephen Curran
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Suggest website UX and Calls to Action improvements. (PR)  
- Evaluate Discord threads for topic-specific SIG discussions.  
- Coordinate with LF/CNCF to gather SIG engagement best practices.  

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - OWF has a newsletter! 
        - [Sign up here](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/)
        - Check out the [most recent issue](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/) 
        - OWF news? [community-architects@openwallet.foundation](mailto:community-architects@openwallet.foundation)
- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-02-05.md#action-items)
    - Archive CredHub and SD-JWT .NET (in progress)
    - Prepare infrastructure for VCX (complete)
    - Update TAC website for 2025 schedules  (complete)
    - Apply fixes to LFX Insights for OWF lab project (in progress)
    - Board discussion re: TAC composition - in progress
    - Close the [SD-JWT .NET](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/sd-jwt-dotnet/) [Annual Review PR](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/202). The project will be archived (completed)

- SIG Quarterly Update: [Architecture SIG Update](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mPz8_ApkV948FtYiOC8yj_O4ueVSAS2XxU7FmzZsgVk/edit#slide=id.g60983a5e44c42b07_61) - David Alexander

- [Special Interest Groups](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/SIGs/): Key Discussion Points on the current state of SIGs, challenges faced by existing SIGs etc. 
    - Current Challenges with SIGs  
        - Low participation & unclear structure: Attendance is an issue, and newcomers struggle to navigate SIGs. Outsiders invited to discussions often donâ€™t find an active audience.  
        - Disconnect from active projects: SIGs need to better align with the needs of developers and architects to ensure their work is seen as relevant and valuable.  
        - Need for a clear role: SIGs should be a **safe space** for informal problem-solving, distinct from the more formal TAC.  
    - Proposed Improvements  
        1. Better Structure & Navigation  
            - Create a **SIG matrix diagram** to clarify focus areas and interconnections.  
            - Improve communication channels (e.g., sub-threads in Architecture SIG).  
        2. Collaboration Between SIGs  
            - Organize **joint events** between Iteration and Architecture SIGs.  
            - Encourage **projects to bring architectural challenges** to SIGs.
        3. Increase Visibility & Accessibility  
            - Promote SIG activities on the **OWF website** and public channels to attract broader audiences.  
        4. Frequent & Well-Promoted Events  
            - **Host events every 2-3 weeks**, promote SIG speakers, and position SIGs as valuable discussion spaces.

- TAC Website - Improve the UX
    - Discussion on improving website UX & calls to action by adding clear action buttons on the TAC website for key processes, including:
      - Proposing a new project.
      - Proposing a new special interest group (SIG).
      - Filing an annual review.
      - Requesting a project stage update.
    - Consider adding similar guidance on the Open Wallet Foundation main website to ensure consistency and ease of navigation.


- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting March 19, 2025

