# 2025-03-19

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-02-19.md#action-items)
- Project Proposal
    - Project Proposal: [PyDentity Wallet](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/56)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1VK7vgy1lX0jVJgD5fj7YYxg3Zg5oQpVGQ9qTlXXMR4w/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/rh9xx8e4EdqgEJG0hCliMj-Mhp8SLc8huZj60453IyfMoXz1ZB7sE3EdLfzSKoA1.1wokzKvkBGkJFPaY)

## TAC Voting Members
- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [x] Marie Austenaa
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Stephen Curran
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Collect and share the demos or videos of the PyDentity Wallet project with the TAC members - Sean
- Review and merge the pull requests that improve the TAC website. Improve the CTA - Stavros
- Finish the minor outstanding tasks to archive CredHub and SD-JWT .NET projects - Sean
- Continue progress on ensuring 100% of all the labs are represented in LFX insights - Sean
- Continue working with LF Legal regarding the TAC composition - Sean
- Coordinate with LF/CNCF to gather SIG engagement best practices.
    - Examine a SIG AMA event
    - Document historical SIG meeting attendance
    - Plan SIG joint event (Architecture + Wallet Interoperability)

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - OWF has a newsletter! 
        - [Sign up here](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/)
        - Check out the [most recent issue](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/) 
        - OWF news? [community-architects@openwallet.foundation](mailto:community-architects@openwallet.foundation)

- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-03-05.md#action-items)
    - Archive CredHub and SD-JWT .NET (in progress)
        - Minor outstanding tasks were reported to be in progress and expected to be completed within the next two weeks
    - Apply fixes to LFX Insights for OWF lab project (in progress)
        - Progress on ensuring all lab projects are properly captured in LFX insights was reported to be slow in the past week, with an update expected by the next TAC meeting
    - Board discussion re: TAC composition - (in progress)
    - Suggest website UX and Calls to Action improvements (completed)
        - The TAC website UX was improved by adding prominent links to propose new projects and special interest groups on the index page, and pull requests are in progress for further enhancements, including a potential hero area with direct calls to action.
    - Evaluate Discord threads for topic-specific SIG discussions. (complete)
        - The TAC discussed using threads within channels (potentially less discoverable) versus creating new channels or forum channels for topic-specific discussions, with a suggestion to ultimately allow individual projects and SIGs to decide their preferred approach
        - Tracy Kuhrt suggested the use of forum channels as an alternative to text channels or threads
        - Stephen noted that Discord threads are useful for short-term, ephemeral sub-discussions, while Patrick pointed out that they can be more difficult to discover over time compared to dedicated channels.
    - Promoting and bringing people into SIGs
        - Updates were given on initiatives like the Examiner SIG AMA session and ongoing conversations with the Architecture and Wallet Interoperability SIGs. Recent promotion efforts for these SIGs and the documentation of historical SIG meeting attendance were also discussed

- Project Proposals
    - [PyDentity Wallet](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/56)
        - **RESOLVED**: That the PyDentity Wallet proposal is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
            - TAC accepted this project as lab
            - Stephen motioned; David seconded
            - Unanimously approved

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting April 2, 2025

