# 2025-02-19

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Welcome to our new Vice Chair: Ace Shim
- Thank You Rolson!
- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-02-05.md#action-items)
- 2025 Schedules (TAC, SIGs, Projects)
- Archive Projects: [Credhub](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/credhub/) and [SD-JWT .NET](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/202/files)
- Project Proposal
    - Project Proposal: [Aries VCX](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/54)
- Open discussion and next steps
    - [OWF Architecture SIG update](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mPz8_ApkV948FtYiOC8yj_O4ueVSAS2XxU7FmzZsgVk/edit#slide=id.g60983a5e44c42b07_61) - David Alexander

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dkWe8QQJ8yZo--EpObrOpCI84uHEH0ii1ccLop_7Bdk/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [ ] ~~Rolson Quadras~~
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Stefan Kauhaus
- [x] Stephen Curran
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Archive CredHub and SD-JWT .NET
- Prepare infrastructure for VCX
- Update TAC website for 2025 schedules


## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - OWF has a newsletter! 
        - [Sign up here](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/)
        - Check out the [most recent issue](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/) 
        - OWF news? [community-architects@openwallet.foundation](mailto:community-architects@openwallet.foundation)
    - Chair and Vice Chair Updates
        - TAC Vice Chair Transition: With Stavros serving as Chair, Ace Shim volunteered and was the only nominee. With no objections from TAC members, Ace was appointed Vice Chair for the remainder of the term.
- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-02-05.md#action-items)
    - [Develop 2025 schedule for SIG Updates](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/SIGs/updates/2025/) - complete
    - [Ensure 2025 project update schedule](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/reviews/2025/) contains all projects - complete
    - Get LFX Insights set up for OWF - complete
        - https://openprofile.dev/
        - https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/
        - https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/foundation/openwalletfoundation/overview/github?project=openwalletfoundation&routedFrom=Github&bestPractice=false
        - Fixes for lab project are still ongoing.
    - Schedule/process for newsletter - complete
        - Released every month on the 3rd Thursday and reaches 1400+ subscribers and archived in OWF Blog
        - Call for News in OWF Discord every second week of the month
    - Reach out TAC member re: Vice Chair role - complete
    - Board discussion re: TAC composition - in progress


- Project Proposals
    - [VCX](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/54) 
        - **RESOLVED**: That the VCX proposal is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
            - TAC accepted this project as growth
            - _XXX motioned; YYY seconded_
            - Unanimously approved

- [2025 TAC Schedule (20 Remaining Meetings)](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dkWe8QQJ8yZo--EpObrOpCI84uHEH0ii1ccLop_7Bdk/edit#slide=id.g334d91c420f_1_7)

- Archive Projects
    - [Credhub](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/credhub/)
      On January 9, 2025, [Mirko requested the archiving of the project](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/message/190)
          - **RESOLVED**: That the request is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted by 6 out of 8 TAC members via email
            Tracy A. Kuhrt, Stavros Kounis, Wenjing Chu, Drummond Reed, Stefan Kauhaus, Rolson Quadras
    - [SD-JWT .NET](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/sd-jwt-dotnet/)
      On February 14, 2025, [Thomas requested the archiving of the project.](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/message/201)
          - **RESOLVED**: That the request is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted by 5 out of 7 TAC members via email
            Stavros Kounis, Wenjing Chu, Rolson Quadras, Stefan Kauhaus           


- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting March 5, 2025

