# 2025-04-30

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Welcome to New TAC Member Sameer Tare
- Global Digital Collaboration
- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-03-19.md#action-items)
- SIG Proposal
    - [Industry Outreach SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/232)
- Project Proposal
    - [Trust Resolver System (TRS) (lab)](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/57)
- Wallet Interoperability SIG Update
- OWF Helm Charts Repository
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19C7DJjGHiaJhpZmQjA469aF_JaZMNlbXwbPe0vxUoTw/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/v-H8dyg4LN5PCPttJ5JoKQHmZv_bCrVXxDQLFoc4qxFiNb2gw4tj9TInNEzWRgy6.tYCrJdX3ey04SXlS)

## TAC Voting Members
- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [x] Sameer Tare
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Stefan Kauhaus
- [x] Stephen Curran
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Collect and share the demos or videos of the PyDentity Wallet project with the TAC members - Sean
- Finish the minor outstanding tasks to archive CredHub and SD-JWT .NET projects - Sean
- Continue progress on ensuring 100% of all the labs are represented in LFX insights - Sean
- Continue working with LF Legal regarding the TAC composition - Sean
- Prepare proposal for standardized SIG landing pages and improved OWF website navigation — Stavros

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - LFDT India Chapter Event:
      The India Chapter recently held a webinar including Ayanworks, Digi Yatra Foundation, TCS, Infoseek, Print2Block, KrypC and IDS. Sessions 2 and 3 were specific to identity with a great shoutout for ACA-Py - Recording: https://youtube.com/live/o4J29ae4Csg
    - OWF has a newsletter!
        - [Sign up here](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/)
        - Check out the [most recent issue](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/) 
        - OWF news? [community-architects@openwallet.foundation](mailto:community-architects@openwallet.foundation)
- Welcome new TAC member
    - Samir Terra from Mastercard was announced as a new TAC member. Mastercard has joined as a premier member. Samir Terra was not present for this meeting and the formal welcome slide will be shown at the next TAC meeting when he is in attendance.
- Global Digital Collaboration
    - The Global Digital Collaboration event on July 1-2 in Geneva, Switzerland offers a unique opportunity for regulators, Standards Development Organizations, NGOs, corporations, and developers to gather, discuss, and collaborate on key industry topics. The two-day event features government and regulator presentations on Day 1, followed by breakout rooms with presentations, demos, panels, and discussions on Day 2. Open to all, the event is free, but tickets are limited—secure a spot in https://lu.ma/gc25-owf.
- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-03-19.md#action-items)
    - Collect and share the demos or videos of the PyDentity Wallet project with the TAC members - Sean -- **in progress**
    - Review and merge the pull requests that improve the TAC website. Improve the CTA - Stavros -- **completed**
    - Finish the minor outstanding tasks to archive CredHub and SD-JWT .NET projects - Sean -- **in progress**
    - Coordinate with LF/CNCF to gather SIG engagement best practices
        - Examine a SIG AMA event (Sean, SIG leaders) -- **completed** 
        - Document historical SIG meeting attendance -- **in progress**
        - Plan SIG joint event (Architecture + Wallet Interoperability) -- **update** 
    - Historical SIG Meeting Attendance - next TAC meeting -- **postponed**
    - LFX Insights: Apply fixes for lab projects: in progress w/ LF Legal (in progress) - Sean -- **in progress**
    - Board discussion re: TAC composition - Sean -- **in progress**

- SIG Proposal
    - [Industry Outreach SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/232)
      This SIG is intended to meet quarterly to engage industry sectors like telecom, fintech, insurtech, and banking. Carla, the proposer, was unable to attend the meeting to pitch the initiative. The proposal was postponed to the next call to allow Carla to present. 
        - **Postponed to the next** to allow Carla to present (or via GitHub/Email)

- Project Proposal
    - [Trust Resolver System (TRS) (lab)](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/57)
      The proposal and subsequent discussions focused on infrastructure requirements for deploying servers, either for demonstrations or as a resolver infrastructure, raising concerns about service level agreements, OWF experience, Linux Foundation permissibility, and willingness, with Sean Bohan seeking clarity on feasibility within the LF context, while Stephen Curran noted that infrastructure for testing or reference implementations might be possible with caveats, but a production-grade service would be different
        - **Postponed to the next** to allow Lucas to present

- Wallet Interoperability SIG Update
    - The Wallet Interoperability SIG has been actively promoting projects and fostering community engagement, expanding the discussion beyond Aries projects to build broader connections, with meetings featuring guest speakers, ecosystem updates, and presentations on various wallet-related topics, while upcoming sessions will cover identity, payments, and interoperability; the SIG's YouTube playlist has gained significant traction, and TAC members are encouraged to participate, with efforts underway to improve accessibility and consistency in meeting schedules and resources.
    - All Sessions are recorded in the [Wallet Interoperability SIG Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLt3HmzZ-iijGho_LxGMr3egFJXIRbecPP)
    - Upcoming speakers/topic include
        - **May 5**: Identity Meets Money: Real-World Payments with EUDI Wallets in Production w/ Lal and George (iGrant.io)
        - **May 12**: PyDentity Wallet  w/ Patrick St. Louis (PyDentity, ACA-Py, AnonCreds)
        - **May 19**: Test Tooling for DIIP w/ Samuel Rinnetmäki (FindyNet, Credentials Format Comparison)
        - **June**: Wallets and Interoperability in the EUDI Wallet Consortium w/ Esther Makaay (Signicat)
    - Want to present? [Sign up here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1esWuhFlgVWvXpujHw4I2H_JN2NwLq0tK1SEe14b0ktQ/edit?tab=t.0)

- Promoting SIGs and Website Navigation 
    - Stavros emphasized the need for a dedicated web page to improve accessibility and promotion of SIG activities, suggesting a standardized homepage for each SIG with links to resources, while David Alexander stressed the importance of intuitive navigation across OWF platforms; Sean Bohan acknowledged the current limitations and committed to working on improvements, including a "welcome mat" project to enhance user experience, with action items set for website cleanup and proposal development.
    - Stavros will prepare a proposal based on the discussion for the next call.

- Helm Chart Repository
    - Stephen Curran proposed creating a Helm chart repository under the Open Wallet Foundation GitHub organization, raising questions about governance and pull request approvals, with Stavros suggesting TAC oversight and community reviewers, while David Alexander highlighted the need to support alternative deployment tools; the discussion will be revisited as a separate agenda item in the next meeting.
    - Examples: [Bitnami](https://github.com/bitnami/charts), [BCGov](https://github.com/bcgov/helm-charts)

- Open discussion and next steps
    - OWF TAC Summer Calendar poll next Thurs 5/8 (please respond)
    - Next TAC Meeting May 14, 2025

