# 2025-06-11

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Global Digital Collaboration
- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-05-14.md#action-items)
- TAC Holiday Schedule
- Project Proposal
    - [Health Wallet Lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/58) 
- OWF [Helm Charts Repository](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/governance/pull/52#issuecomment-2925353442)
- Open discussion and next steps
    - Promote https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TJviH-UysL_f5hXitdOamp8WYamIjQhg6GCPl5gf2wE/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/lrAW4DPEl8DFbm7Z_NczHxAO1z7DcUy9f_Xz8GgF_BHlg7Iawr8_OSkHxIhw2B29.xKaBmZE4db4JptDj)
- [LFX Insights](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings)

## TAC Voting Members
- [x] Troy K (proxy for David Zeuthen)
- [x] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [ ] Sameer Tare
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Stefan Kauhaus
- [x] Stephen Curran
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Reach out to Lucas re: TRS follow-up and invite to next call - Sean 
- Complete archiving of CredHub and SD-JWT .NET, including redirect message - Sean 
- Continue progress on ensuring 100% of all the labs are represented in LFX insights - Sean 
- Board discussion re: TAC composition - Sean - discussion 30/6/202 
- Propose strategy to [promote LFX Insights on OWF website](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/meetings/2025/2025-05-14/#links) - Stavros
- TAC Election: Sean to email TAC this week

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - The [TAC Website](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/) has been updated to make Proposing a Project or Special Interest Group more efficient. 
       - Please submit any code proposals and we will review them in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - OWF has a newsletter!
        - [Sign up here](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/)
        - Check out the [most recent issue](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/) 
        - OWF news? [community-architects@openwallet.foundation](mailto:community-architects@openwallet.foundation)
    - Webinar: [SSI on Fabric with OWF Credo Agents & AnonCreds VCs](https://youtube.com/live/yAScNSH0DSo)
        - A fantastic webinar and demo going through how Oracle is working with decentralized identity using tools from OWF (Credo, Bifold) and LFDT (Fabric, AnonCreds). 
        - Reaching out to team at Oracle about contributing
    - Blog Post: [Infosys Boosts Efficiency, Security, and Privacy of Credential Verification with Hyperledger Indy and ACA-Py](https://www.lfdecentralizedtrust.org/blog/infosys-boosts-efficiency-security-and-privacy-of-credential-verification-with-hyperledger-indy-and-aca-py)
        - Reaching out to Infosys team about contributing 
        - Invite to present their work at Wallet Interop SIG

- Global Digital Collaboration
    - July 1-2 in Geneva, Switzerland. 
    - Website: https://globaldigitalcollaboration.org/ (see agenda slide)
    - OWF Sessions:
        - hTrust: A Government-Grade Trust Registry That Serves 40 Million Citizens (AceS +)
        - Citizen Wallets and Payment: Virtuous cycle of identity and payments in a government wallet (MarieA +)
        - Wallet Attached Storage (Inrupt, DCC, +)
        - Open Source Projects working together: OWF SIGs (10 min each) & Forkbomb (30 min)
        - Open Source Wallets In Action: Credo (Republic of Ireland and Docusign)
        - Open Source Wallets In Action: Multipaz (Google + OMH)

- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-05-14.md#action-items)
    - Share summer TAC availability poll - Sean - **completed**
    - Share hotel rate and event logistics for Geneva - Sean - **completed**
    - Reach out to Lucas re: TRS follow-up and invite to next call - Sean - **in progress**
    - Complete archiving of CredHub and SD-JWT .NET, including redirect message - Sean - **in progress**
    - Continue progress on ensuring 100% of all the labs are represented in LFX insights - Sean - **in progress**
    - Finalize and PR SIG page layout template - Stavros - **completed**
    - Board discussion re: TAC composition - Sean - discussion 30/6/202 - **in progress**
    - Propose strategy to promote LFX Insights on OWF website - Stavros - **in progress**

- TAC Holiday Schedule
    - Please let us know if you will be unavailable on specific summer dates so we can plan future TAC meetings. You can share your availability by updating [the scheduling document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v05BGRlr1iPeiRBavPNAPT0LzPmK6Jli1ZM4P48jS04/edit?usp=sharing)

- Project Proposal
    - **RESOLVED**: That the [Health Wallet Labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/58) proposal is hereby confirmed approved and adopted - Santosh Bhavani [intelpixel.io](http://intelpixel.io)
        - TODO: The name is yet to be decided
    - Approved by 4 out of 5 TAC voting members with Ace voting againts. Whenging motioned, Tory seconded. 

- Helm Chart Repository
    - Stephen Curran confirmed that the [Helm Charts repository](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/helm-charts) is up and running, with initial Pull Requests (PRs) expected this week. Efforts will be made to encourage other projects to utilize Helmcharts where appropriate

- Wallet Interoperability SIG Update
    - The SIG has had some fantastic speakers since the last TAC:
        - All sessions are recorded and in the [Wallet Interoperability SIG Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLt3HmzZ-iijGho_LxGMr3egFJXIRbecPP)
        - PyDentity Wallet w/ Patrick St. Louis (PyDentity, ACA-Py, AnonCreds)
        - Test Tooling for DIIP w/ Samuel Rinnetm√§ki (FindyNet)
        - Wallets and Interoperability in the EUDI Wallet Consortium w/ Esther Makaay
    - Upcoming speakers/topics:
        - 16/6 DID Method Standardization w/ Jonathan Rayback
        - 23/6 MOSIP Inji Wallet w/ Sasikumar Ganesan & Resham Chugani
        - 30/6 SD JWT JS - LHan
        - 14/7 Global Digital Collaboration recap - SeanB
        - 21/7 Credimi.io | Conformance, Interop, Marketplace for Digital Identity - ForkBomb
        - 28/7 Bifold Wallet - ClecioV
        - 4/8 Digital identity, security architecture and NIST and ISO audits - RomekS
    - Want to present? [Sign up here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1esWuhFlgVWvXpujHw4I2H_JN2NwLq0tK1SEe14b0ktQ/edit?tab=t.0) 
    - Join us? [Every Monday](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/92188183208?password=defebcea-1cb8-4545-9730-4293450e3a92) at  7amPT / 10amET / 4pmCET

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting June 25, 2025
