# 2025-01-08

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-01-08.md#action-items)
- Project Annual Reviews
    - [SD-JWT .NET](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/202) - **MOVED TO NEXT MEETING**
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1angJg2EEsPsn6Fb1U06s7pvXQXnQ0kraVJZ2BjVHZIw/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/AuFfTKCxz4jYAXf5_jlXHuq_eMWHP3RJQULG376un5eH4RKGRFDyjvbgtpREa82AeWVuZmmlqdrAXsxP.HUJTpPlvffu4REQC?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FxpVL1U06pPfiLKDyV9nfTviUe3iEN8IEBT1K_AS2IHydqsLilH7JM4aCJ00zLnai.AjGeoY_xOijn7vDO)

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [x] Rolson Quadras
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Stefan Kauhaus
- [x] Stephen Curran
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Develop 2025 schedule for SIG Updates
- Ensure 2025 project update schedule contains all projects
- Get LFX Insights set up for OWF
- Finalize processes for newsletter
- Confirm the process and gather nominations for the TAC Vice Chair vacancy

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - OWF has a newsletter! 
        - [Sign up here](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/)
        - Check out the [most recent issue](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/) 
        - OWF news? [community-architects@openwallet.foundation](mailto:community-architects@openwallet.foundation)

    - Chair and Vice Chair Updates
        - TAC Chair Transition: With Tracy stepping down, the Vice Chair (Stavros) will serve as Chair for the remainder of the term.
        - TAC Vice Chair Vacancy: A new Vice Chair must be appointed until the next formal nomination cycle in March.
          - Options:
            - Unanimous agreement on a nominee in the next TAC call.
            - Formal election if multiple candidates are proposed.
          - The process will be confirmed, and TAC members will be contacted for nominations.

- Review action items from [last meeting](../2024/2024-12-11.md#action-items)
    - Develop 2025 schedule for SIG Updates - no progress
    - Ensure 2025 project update schedule contains all projects - no progress
    - Get LFX Insights set up for OWF - no progress
    - Schedule/process for newsletter - in progress

- Project Proposals
    - [SD JWT VCDM typescript](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/52)
        - **RESOLVED**: That the SD JWT VCDM typescript proposal is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
          - Approved through the GitHub PR review process with more than 50% approval.
            
- Project Annual Reviews
    - [SD-JWT .NET](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/202)
        - **MOVED TO NEXT MEETING**

- FOSDEM 2025 Update: Recordings will be shared (TBD), as we are working with the community to finalize.
- Credo First Anniversary: [A blog post is now available](https://openwallet.foundation/2025/02/05/credo-heading-into-2025-releases-0-5-and-0-6-and-how-were-becoming-a-central-player-in-global-interoperability/).
- OWF Community Events Calendar: A [shared calendar for community events](https://lf-openwallet-foundation.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/HOME/pages/44892243/Community+Event+Calendar) is available.
- Aries VCX move to OWF - proposal in progress, possibly for Feb 19 TAC Call
- OWF at [DICE](https://diceurope.org/)! Who is going? [Let's coordinate on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/1022962884864643214/1022962884864643220)

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting February 19, 2025
    - [SD-JWT .NET Annual Review](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/202)
