# 2025-07-09

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-06-11.md#action-items)
- Global Digital Collaboration Update
- OWF On Stage - Summer 2025
- Wallet Interoperability SIG Update
- TAC Governance Proposal: Project Mapping
- TAC Elections
- Open discussion and next steps
    - Promote https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/


## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12jAFuN8tUNCB7-iYQ0f6MkZwHk7JqvlucspuE9RMdO8/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/qJFtQL5Kj8nMBnh9nJiudWWIkAJtTumVzgcj4F4yUYTfyILngZLsBsWLnTU-2sEE.sy0nqP9bZAGKb0d5)
- [LFX Insights](https://insights.linuxfoundation.org/project/openwalletfoundation/development)
- [My Meetings](https://openprofile.dev/my-meetings)
  access transcripts and recordings for any meetings

## TAC Voting Members
- [x] Troy K (proxy for David Zeuthen)
- [ ] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [x] Sameer Tare
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Stefan Kauhaus
- [x] Stephen Curran
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Finalize archiving of CredHub and SD-JWT .NET with redirect messages - Sean
- Continue progress on representing all labs in LFX Insights - Sean
- Promote LFX Insights on the OWF website - Stavros
- Launch TAC election process for two open seats - Sean
- Define and propose approach to Project Mapping - David A. and Sean
- Follow up with GDC co-organizers to collect decks and notes for the Book of Proceedings - Sean

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - The [TAC Website](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/) highlights how to propose projects and SIGs. 
       - Please submit any code proposals and we will review them in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - The [Meeting minutes archives](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/meetings/2025/2025-06-11/) include links to the LFX Insights and the Recordings 
    - OWF has a newsletter!
        - [Sign up here](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/)
        - Check out the [most recent issue](https://openwallet.foundation/newsletter/) 
        - OWF news? [community-architects@openwallet.foundation](mailto:community-architects@openwallet.foundation)

- Review action items from [last meeting](../2025/2025-06-11.md#action-items)
    - Reach out to Lucas re: TRS follow-up and invite to next call - Sean - **in progress**
    - Archive of CredHub and SD-JWT .NET - Sean - **in progress**
    - LFX Insights lab representation - Sean - **in progress**
    - TAC election relaunch - Sean - **in progress**
    - LFX promotion strategy on the [OWF website](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/meetings/2025/2025-05-14/#links) - Stavros - **in progress**
    - TAC Election: Sean to email TAC - Sean - **in progress**
    
- Global Digital Collaboration
    - Held July 1-2 in Geneva, with over 1,000 attendees
    - Sessions covered international efforts in wallet tech, identity, open source, and policy
    - Highlights:
        - Hope (South Korea), MOSIP (Global South), Credo (Ireland), and Docusign all presented
        - Visa led session on citizen wallets and payments
        - Breakout sessions covered devops, storage, signatures, and audits
    - Feedback emphasized the value of face-to-face collaboration across SDOs, governments, and OSS communities
    - A "Book of Proceedings" will collect decks and notes for broader access
    - Suggestions for future editions included:
        - Adding a third day
        - Better indexing of presentation decks by session metadata

- OWF On Stage – Summer 2025
  Sean reported on several speaking engagements representing OWF:
    - Dutch Blockchain Week (late May)
    - Next Generation Internet Forum (Brussels, June 19):
        - Focus: Wallet interoperability and digital sovereignty in Europe
        - Raised topic: Funding for open source development and adoption of OWF codebases
    - Open Ireland Network:
        - Presented OWF and EUDI Wallet work
        - Highlighted Republic of Ireland’s deployment of Credo during Covid
        - Feedback requested guidance on ARF alignment and certification of Credo framework
        - Noted need for a comprehensive list of wallet stacks in use across EU Member States
    - Sean will continue discussions with the Credo team and follow up on ARF gap analysis


- Wallet Interoperability SIG Update
  [Recording archive on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLt3HmzZ-iijGho_LxGMr3egFJXIRbecPP)
    - Upcoming sessions:
        - 14/7 Global Digital Collaboration recap - SeanB
        - 21/7 Credimi.io | Conformance, Interop, Marketplace for Digital Identity - ForkBomb
        - 28/7 Bifold Wallet - ClecioV
        - 4/8 Digital identity, security architecture and NIST and ISO audits - RomekS
    - Want to present? [Sign up here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1esWuhFlgVWvXpujHw4I2H_JN2NwLq0tK1SEe14b0ktQ/edit?tab=t.0) 
    - Join us? [Every Monday](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/92188183208?password=defebcea-1cb8-4545-9730-4293450e3a92) at  7amPT / 10amET / 4pmCET

- Project Mapping Proposal
    - [Proposal presented](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r_13UP9f2BQ4fWxt_Pzr2wPOh6OKVuA2MFvJ7U0xuw8/edit?tab=t.0) by Sean and David Alexander
    - Goal: self-reported feature mapping from each OWF project to improve discoverability and adoption
    - Not intended to score or rank projects, but highlight:
        - Feature coverage and gaps
        - DevOps support status
        - Interoperability scope
    - Proposal to add GitHub-based table to project pages or reviews
    - Stavros: suggested starting by improving existing project pages first and monitoring reactions
    - Troy and David: emphasized real developer demand for this and risk of duplicate forum inquiries due to lack of clarity
    - No formal vote, to be continued

- TAC Elections
    - Sean announced that the TAC election process will be restarted to fill two open seats. He will send an email to all TAC members to initiate the process. This is a continuation of the previous action item and is currently in progress.
    - 2024 Elections links and resources
        - [Call for TAC “at large” nominations](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/message/119)
        - Nomination Templates
            - [At Large](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/at-large-nomination.md)
            - [Chair and Vice Chair](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/chair-vice-chair-nomination.md)
        - [At Large Nominations](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aclosed%20label%3A2024-at-large-nomination)
        - [Chair and Vice Chair Nominations](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aclosed%20label%3A2024-chair-vice-chair-nomination)


- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC meeting scheduled for July 23, 2025
    - GDC 2026 early planning already underway (likely in Switzerland)
    - Suggestion to use metadata tagging to index decks directly into GDC session pages
