!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-05-31

## Agenda
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-05-17.md#action-items)
- Update on TAC alternates
- [OID4VC Due Diligence Task Force](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/23)
- [Credential Format Comparison SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/26)
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lNWzRWbwDGtKOEkt4VxNU45Ac6EEVnWkD1lqIbmpljg/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/iFtV6nESPYhyZEQBRUPC9R_WRMRN5UDA2JFt1Ip2bgYuZRcvqiPmfK8OGIh-pmZodA6sD4L-X3zhMWAs.CIJ5JEsKrRod2jTg?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FcVTUUAlOAykUXa6cS6ZwnOQJETykxR-i1AwZVAYuN9F4ocvPu5XhhTh0PhQBoSR_.RPK-EDvtLDXesi3I)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [ ] Marie Austenaa
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Work with Daniel to transfer SD-JWT Python repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization -- **in progress**
- Create proposed language for TAC alternates
- Add link to community calendar to website
- [OID4VC Due Diligence Task Force](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/23)

    - [x] Create Discord channel
    - [ ] Add information about Task Forces to [TAC website](https://openwallet-foundation.github.io/tac/)
    - [ ] Add link to the above to the [OpenWallet Foundation GitHub Profile](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/.github/blob/main/profile/README.md)

- [Credential Format Comparison SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/26)

    - [ ] Create Discord channel
    - [ ] Work with Torsten to get GitHub repo transferred to OpenWallet Foundation
    - [ ] Determine leader of the SIG
    - [ ] Add information about Special Interest Groups to [TAC website](https://openwallet-foundation.github.io/tac/)
    - [ ] Add link to the above to the [OpenWallet Foundation GitHub Profile](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/.github/blob/main/profile/README.md)

## Meeting Minutes
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-05-17.md#action-items)
    - Work with Fabian to transfer SD-JWT Kotlin repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization -- **completed** [SD-JWT-Kotlin](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-lab/SD-JWT-Kotlin)
    - Work with Daniel to transfer SD-JWT Python repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization -- **in progress**
    - Comment on [OID4VC Due Diligence Task Force](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/23) proposal and update to reflect comments -- **in progress**

- Update on TAC alternates
    - The Governing Board agreed to modify the Charter to include the **following language**:

        !!! quote "Updated Language"
            5.c) TAC meetings are intended to be open to observe by Sponsors, contributors to any TAC Project and others in the general public interested in the OpenWallet Foundation. **The TAC may decide whether to allow named representatives (one per voting member) to attend as an alternate.**

- [OID4VC Due Diligence Task Force](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/23)
    - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members.

- [Credential Format Comparison SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/26)
    - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members.

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)

- Next steps
    - Next meeting is June 14, 2023
