!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-08-23

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-08-09.md#action-items)
- Budget Request to Governing Board
- OWF Project Governance Guidance
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13L8ZzJY2HsWLwmb2Ux55FoMct8rR1gR8XrExbmLmLa4/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] Jeremie Miller
- [ ] Pete Cooling
- [ ] Stavros Kounis
- [ ] Tracy Kuhrt
- [ ] Troy Ronda
- [ ] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG will meet on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force will meet weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CEST
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific
    - [Farmworker Wallet OS repositories](https://github.com/orgs/openwallet-foundation-labs/repositories?q=fwos&type=all&language=&sort=) created
    - Project pages created for each approved project on the [TAC website](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/)
    - Slide deck available covering the [OWF Project Proposal Process](https://docs.google.com/presentation/u/1/d/1NzDIcN63OURfGenSFMvpaPwveTk2Hpyys7CJIYlxb7A/edit)


- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-07-26.md#action-items)
    - Continue to work on budget line items -- all
    - Jorge to update code of conduct on Farmworker Wallet OS proposal -- **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10/commits/7e959f75a8641888af9b1c9b60765a634bc6834e)**
    - Create repositories for the Farmworker Wallet OS Lab -- **[completed](https://github.com/orgs/openwallet-foundation-labs/repositories?q=fwos&type=all&language=&sort=)**
    - Share document with governance best practices -- **[completed](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit?usp=sharing)**
    - Comment on [OWF Project Guidance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit?usp=sharing) - all

- Budget Request to Governing Board
    - [Thread started on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/1022962884864643214/1133848881503936542/1133848889963856034)
    - [Sponsorship of Material for MkDocs to obtain access to the Insiders Version](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/insiders/) at $125/month to support the TAC website
    - Wiki (Confluence or similar)
    - License Scanning
    - Package Hosting - GitHub? ghcr.io? Is there a package hosting solution for all technologies that exists?
    - Playground/Sandbox Hosting
    - Others?

- OWF Project Governance Guidance

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
    - If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is September 6, 2023
