!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-04-05

## Agenda
- Review action items from last meeting
- TAC "at large" election results
- Architecture SIG update
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1D9d9tNvBSrkcFqO68g6mWlB044AVxdNUGPURqlPlAJc/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## Action Items
- Create a GitHub organization (openwallet-foundation-labs) to host incoming labs - not yet completed

## Meeting Minutes
- Review action items from last meeting
    - Conduct an email vote for the [Governance documents](https://openwallet-foundation.github.io/tac/governance/) approval and adoption - **results 3 TAC members voted in favor; 1 TAC member abstained**
    - Conduct an email vote for the TAC "at large" schedule and process - **results 3 TAC members voted in favor; 1 TAC member abstained**
    - Todd to confirm whether the TAC can create an alternate policy or whether the Governing Board will need to update the charter to reflect - **currently no policy for TAC alternates; if we want this, we would need to present this to the GB to get a charter update**
    - Tracy to create a pull request to update the project proposal template to include links to the mission and project lifecycle - **[pull request](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/6) created and merged**
    - Create a GitHub organization (openwallet-foundation-labs) to host incoming labs - not yet completed
- TAC "at large" election results
    - Jeremie Miller
    - Stavros Kounis
- Architecture SIG update
    - [Digital wallet engine architecture topics brainstorm](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z2eSMozZ0HqHAPUjGk6p9FGK1ktmsMhDbQMi-EsRQJM/edit)
- Call for code
- Next steps
