!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-06-14

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-05-31.md#action-items)
- TAC alternates policy
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1zBGjnBeaxsf2iw24yh2YMEM7dPNPYtA7o75tgTtWhms/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] Jeremie Miller
- [ ] Marie Austenaa
- [ ] Stavros Kounis
- [ ] Tracy Kuhrt
- [ ] Troy Ronda
- [ ] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - OID4VC Due Diligence Task Force kickoff meeting â€“ Wednesday, the 14th at 5pm CEST
    - Architecture SIG merged [Key Management Services conceptual architecture](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/architecture-sig/blob/main/docs/architecture/key-management-services.md)

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-05-17.md#action-items)
    - Work with Daniel to transfer SD-JWT Python repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization -- **in progress**
    - Create proposed language for TAC alternates -- **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/28)**
    - Add link to community calendar to website -- **[completed](https://openwallet.foundation/participate/)**
    - [OID4VC Due Diligence Task Force](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/23) -- **completed**
    
        - [x] Create Discord channel (#oid4vc-due-diligence-tf)
        - [x] Add information about Task Forces to [TAC website](https://openwallet-foundation.github.io/tac/)
        - [x] Add link to the above to the [OpenWallet Foundation GitHub Profile](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/.github/blob/main/profile/README.md)
    
    - [Credential Format Comparison SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/26) -- **in progress**
    
        - [x] Create Discord channel (#credential-format-comparison-sig)
        - [ ] Work with Torsten to get GitHub repo transferred to OpenWallet Foundation
        - [ ] Determine leader of the SIG
        - [x] Add information about Special Interest Groups to [TAC website](https://openwallet-foundation.github.io/tac/)
        - [x] Add link to the above to the [OpenWallet Foundation GitHub Profile](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/.github/blob/main/profile/README.md)

- TAC Alternates Policy
    - RESOLVED: That the [TAC Alternates Policy](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/28) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)

- Next steps
    - Next meeting is June 28, 2023
