!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-06-28

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-06-14.md#action-items)
- [Vice chair seat and responsibilities](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/31)
- Wallets and personal data stores presentation and discussion
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1e5st-h7Ab41Z666t_VCA0Ga4EgZbtIbs3A72lf-gu3I/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/Mae9cqrjfApc4YdruDr5LWdKQU0-VKzyq_iWnWPpALC_7vvuCDUEfCVcof0qwVnJ9dTOT54t3Dvaenla.a48ndetXpRK0zSH4)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Marie Austenaa
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Work with Daniel to transfer SD-JWT Python repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization -- **in progress**
- [Credential Format Comparison SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/26): Work with Torsten to get GitHub repo transferred to OpenWallet Foundation -- **in progress**
- Review [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10) - all

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG will meet on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC. Kickoff meeting planned for July 7th.
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force will meet weekly on Wednesdays at 5pm CEST.
    - Pete Cooling was introduced as Visa's TAC voting representative.

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-06-14.md#action-items)
    - Determine vice chair language -- [**completed**](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/31)
    - Work with Daniel to transfer SD-JWT Python repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization -- **in progress**
    - [Credential Format Comparison SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/26): Work with Torsten to get GitHub repo transferred to OpenWallet Foundation -- **in progress**

- Vice chair seat and responsibilities
    - RESOLVED: That the [Vice Chair Seat and Responsibilities](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/31) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members.
        - Voting schedule
            - Call for nominations: June 28
            - End of call for nominations: July 5, Noon PT
            - A ballot will be distributed on: July 5 by end of day PT
            - The election will be completed on: July 11, Noon PT
            - Election results are announced at the July 12 meeting
        - If you would like to submit your nomination for TAC Vice Chair, please create an issue at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues
            - Title of issue: [NOMINATION]: 2023 Vice Chair - Name
            - Include a short bio, outline your qualifications, and provide a statement explaining why you would be a good choice for the seat

- Wallets and personal data stores
    - [Background blog post](https://medium.com/mydex/data-wallets-a-trap-waiting-to-be-sprung-857427ec70a)
    - [Thread from Architecture SIG on personal data](https://discord.com/channels/1022962884864643214/1044329759347331213)
    - [Presentation by David Alexander](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WGF5gaGov4mUT_xFJD3KIt8_a39eIhQ6/view?usp=drive_link)

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
    - If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so  that they can follow up

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is July 12, 2023
