!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-07-12

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-06-28.md#action-items)
- Vice Chair
- [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10)
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides]()
- [recording]()

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] Jeremie Miller
- [ ] Pete Cooling
- [ ] Stavros Kounis
- [ ] Tracy Kuhrt
- [ ] Troy Ronda
- [ ] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG will meet on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC.
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force will meet weekly on Wednesdays at 5pm CEST.

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-06-14.md#action-items)
    - Work with Daniel to transfer SD-JWT Python repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization -- **in progress**
    - [Credential Format Comparison SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/26): Work with Torsten to get GitHub repo transferred to OpenWallet Foundation -- **completed ([new repo created](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/credential-format-comparison-sig))**
    - Review [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10) - all

- Vice Chair
    - RESOLVED: That the voting schedule for vice chair is hereby revised, approved, and adopted as specified.
        - Revised voting schedule
            - Call for nominations: July 12
            - End of call for nominations: July 19, Noon PT
            - A ballot will be distributed on: July 19 by end of day PT
            - The election will be completed on: July 25, Noon PT
            - Election results are announced at the July 26 meeting

- [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10)
    - [Video shared on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/1022962884864643214/1080192375621685288)


- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
    - If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so  that they can follow up

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is July 26, 2023
