!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-07-26

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-07-12.md#action-items)
- Materials for MkDocs Insiders version
- [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10)
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Hqo4GobtTtPAfh5qog8U80IquPkFnboug-dRRjtL2fI/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] Jeremie Miller
- [ ] Pete Cooling
- [ ] Stavros Kounis
- [ ] Tracy Kuhrt
- [ ] Troy Ronda
- [ ] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG will meet on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force will meet weekly on Wednesdays at 5pm CEST
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific
    - [Vice chair nomination period open](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/message/66) until August 2nd. Please submit your nominations
    - TAC website now available at https://tac.openwallet.foundation
    - OpenWallet Foundation Discord has a custom invite link: https://discord.gg/openwalletfoundation

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-06-14.md#action-items)
    - Work with Daniel to transfer SD-JWT Python repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization -- **in progress**
    - Review [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10) -- **in progress**
    - Review the proposed license of Farmworker Wallet OS project with LF legal -- **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10#discussion_r1267015989)**

- Materials for MkDocs Insiders version
    - RESOLVED: That the TAC recommends to the Governing Board the [sponsorship of Material for MkDocs to obtain access to the Insiders Version](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/insiders/) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.

- [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10)
    - Open comments
        - [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10#discussion_r1254770431)
        - [License](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10#discussion_r1267015989)
        - [Project Governance](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10#discussion_r1254775939)

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
    - If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so  that they can follow up

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is August 9, 2023
