!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-05-17

## Agenda
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-05-03.md#action-items)
- New lab proposals
    - [SD-JWT Kotlin](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/8)
    - [SD-JWT Python](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/9)
- Special Interest Group process proposal
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16bD60f2RD_dDZ-CksFFnTuqUJnKYwUD_cvnf0r0zl0k/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## Action Items
- 

## Meeting Minutes
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-05-03.md#action-items)
    - Update Task Force process to include information on optional mailing lists and capturing meeting notes -- [commit](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/16/commits/c9f35618b72561d5833833aeda5bec84d26cce3f) -- **completed**
    - Create process for Special Interest Groups similar to Task Force process and cross link the two processes together -- [PR](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/21) -- **completed**

- New lab proposals
    - [SD-JWT Kotlin Library](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/8)
    - [SD-JWT Python Reference Implementation](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/9)
    - **RESOLVED**: That the [SD-JWT Kotlin Library lab](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/8) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
    - **RESOLVED**: That the [SD-JWT Python Reference Implmentation lab](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/9) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.

- Special Interest Group process proposal
    - **RESOLVED**: That the special interest group (SIG) process documented in this [pull request](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/21) and [rendered on this page](https://github.com/tkuhrt/tac/blob/sig-process/docs/governance/special-interest-group-process.md) and using this [issue template](https://github.com/tkuhrt/tac/blob/sig-process/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/special-interest-group.yaml) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)

- Next steps
    - Next meeting is May 31, 2023
