!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-04-19

## Agenda
- Review action items from last meeting
- Priorities
- Internet Identity Workshop (IIW) updates
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1G2HbyYTk8KYVmZxRXjh9XUK4Eals98cewLKK710f6sE/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## Action Items

## Meeting Minutes
- Review action items from last meeting
    - Tracy to rename the architecture-task-force GitHub repo to architecture-sig - **completed**
    - Jenn to rename the meeting invite for the Outside Architecture Special Interest Group to reflect that the name should be the Architecture SIG - **completed**
    - Jenn to add Stavros to the TAC meeting invite - **completed**
    - Jenn to add Jeremie to the TAC meeting invite - **completed**
    - Create a GitHub organization (openwallet-foundation-labs) to host incoming labs
- Priorities
- Internet Identity Workshop (IIW) updates
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Next steps
    - Next meeting is April 19, 2023.
