docs/meetings/2023/2023-10-18.md, before:

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-10-18

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/meetings/2023/2023-10-04/#action-items)
- Welcome new TAC member (hold for next meeting)
- Legal Discussion - Project Charters
- Project Proposal - [Android Identity Library](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/18)
- Project Proposal: [SD-JWT JS](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/20)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pz8zMMdr0RV7hIiGdZ94gPk5IuwIpjjymLdjbll_EN4/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/wVRci_5wq3pdY3xhOKhGKxYFQv52rvezpQmH5AmjUphg-qs6a992ScfYMKk_YevL.37ONpuZ9DomAy5bi)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Drummond Reed (alternate for Mike Varley)
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Update project proposal template to make it easier for people to understand what the TAC is expecting for answers related to each question -- Tracy
- Update project lifecycle to reflect project charters -- Tracy
- Document the desire for OWF to utilize permissive licenses in the project lifecycle -- Tracy
- Review, comment, and add feedback to [SD-JWT JS lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/20) -- all

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call October 30)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CEST (next call October 24)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 8am US/Pacific (next call October 24)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call October 25)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC (next meeting October 26)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up.

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-10-04.md#action-items)
    - Conduct email vote on the Intellectual Property Policy – [completed](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/topic/101784351#91)
    - Add project page for the Wallet Framework .NET project – [completed](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/wallet-framework-dotnet/)
    - Work with Sebastian to transfer Wallet Framework .NET project code to OWF – [completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/wallet-framework-dotnet)
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to [Android Identity Library project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/18) - all
    - Provide infrastructure costs for the European Interoperability Test Bed - Harm Jan Arendshorst

- Welcome New TAC Member
    - Mike Varley will represent Gen Digital moving forward.
    - Hold for next meeting as Mike could not attend today.

- Legal Discussion
    - Discuss project charters
        - [Sample charter](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Sxnktu3d_xLFSZmAmSFbUp1Y1s1E36YvNDupY2AmigU/edit)
        - [Intake form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeO1bDGHUP-ZpCo1uynm94YOxZlek6RhCH7o3FnX1lZSXXfSQ/viewform?fbzx=4351560609072672295)
        - Copyleft vs. Permissive licenses (LF allows any OSI license. The OWF can decide on whether they only want permissive license.)

- Project Proposal - Android Identity Library
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [Android Identity Library](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/18) proposal is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - 5 Approve, 2 Abstain - Project accepted

- Project Proposal - SD-JWT JS
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [SD-JWT JS lab](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/20) proposal is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Some discussion about why a new project is needed instead of utilizing [existing typescript implementations](https://github.com/oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt#sd-jwt-implementations).

- Open discussion and next steps
    - David Alexander suggested that the OpenWallet Foundation work closely with MyData.
    - Next meeting is November 1, 2023

Commit message:

Update Pete's vote
Signed-off-by: Tracy Kuhrt <tracy.a.kuhrt@accenture.com>

docs/meetings/2023/2023-10-18.md, after:

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-10-18

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/meetings/2023/2023-10-04/#action-items)
- Welcome new TAC member (hold for next meeting)
- Legal Discussion - Project Charters
- Project Proposal - [Android Identity Library](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/18)
- Project Proposal: [SD-JWT JS](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/20)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pz8zMMdr0RV7hIiGdZ94gPk5IuwIpjjymLdjbll_EN4/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/wVRci_5wq3pdY3xhOKhGKxYFQv52rvezpQmH5AmjUphg-qs6a992ScfYMKk_YevL.37ONpuZ9DomAy5bi)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Drummond Reed (alternate for Mike Varley)
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Update project proposal template to make it easier for people to understand what the TAC is expecting for answers related to each question -- Tracy
- Update project lifecycle to reflect project charters -- Tracy
- Document the desire for OWF to utilize permissive licenses in the project lifecycle -- Tracy
- Review, comment, and add feedback to [SD-JWT JS lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/20) -- all

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call October 30)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CEST (next call October 24)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 8am US/Pacific (next call October 24)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call October 25)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC (next meeting October 26)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up.

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-10-04.md#action-items)
    - Conduct email vote on the Intellectual Property Policy – [completed](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/topic/101784351#91)
    - Add project page for the Wallet Framework .NET project – [completed](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/wallet-framework-dotnet/)
    - Work with Sebastian to transfer Wallet Framework .NET project code to OWF – [completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/wallet-framework-dotnet)
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to [Android Identity Library project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/18) - all
    - Provide infrastructure costs for the European Interoperability Test Bed - Harm Jan Arendshorst

- Welcome New TAC Member
    - Mike Varley will represent Gen Digital moving forward.
    - Hold for next meeting as Mike could not attend today.

- Legal Discussion
    - Discuss project charters
        - [Sample charter](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Sxnktu3d_xLFSZmAmSFbUp1Y1s1E36YvNDupY2AmigU/edit)
        - [Intake form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeO1bDGHUP-ZpCo1uynm94YOxZlek6RhCH7o3FnX1lZSXXfSQ/viewform?fbzx=4351560609072672295)
        - Copyleft vs. Permissive licenses (LF allows any OSI license. The OWF can decide on whether they only want permissive license.)

- Project Proposal - Android Identity Library
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [Android Identity Library](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/18) proposal is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - 6* Approve, 1 Abstain (David) - Project accepted

            !!! info "Info (*)"

                During the meeting, Pete abstained. After the meeting, Pete changed his vote via email from Abstain to Approve.

- Project Proposal - SD-JWT JS
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [SD-JWT JS lab](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/20) proposal is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Some discussion about why a new project is needed instead of utilizing [existing typescript implementations](https://github.com/oauth-wg/oauth-selective-disclosure-jwt#sd-jwt-implementations).

- Open discussion and next steps
    - David Alexander suggested that the OpenWallet Foundation work closely with MyData.
    - Next meeting is November 1, 2023
