# 2023-11-29

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/meetings/2023/2023-11-15/#action-items)
- Resolution: [SD-JWT .NET Project Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/24)
- Resolution: [Agent Framework JavaScript Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/26)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZduEI6pL7MvUsRbQ7IozIsDCECbTAplHVCi_WwdUuiE/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/Uty2ZnQBrZGHAYuNEFofMmshNnzBvP_5orz9w-e8yptR6ARHLMfKU8IuSfl-Tu9N.Q2kj1pg2uxoauu6J)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Mike Varley
- [ ] ~~Pete Cooling~~
    - [x] Marie Austenaa
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Onboard SD-JWT .NET
    - Transfer sd-jwt-dotnet repo to OpenWallet Foundation Labs GitHub
    - Create sd-jwt-dotnet Discord channel
    - Follow up with LF Legal on project intake form
- Onboard Agent Framework JavaScript
    - Transfer repos to OpenWallet Foundation Labs GitHub
    - Create agent-framework-js Discord channel
    - Follow up with LF Legal on project intake form

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG  meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call December 4)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CET (next call December 5)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 7am US/Pacific (next call December 5)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CET on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call December 6)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CET on the same weeks as the TAC (next meeting November 30)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - SIG quarterly updates will begin in January 2024

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-11-15.md#action-items)
    - Onboarding SD-JWT Rust lab
        - Create sd-jwt-rust repo in OpenWallet Foundation Labs GitHub – **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/sd-jwt-rust)**
        - Create sd-jwt-rust Discord channel – **completed (#sd-jwt-rust)**
        - Complete intake form to create project charter -- follow up with LF Legal on status
    - Work with John Henderson to transfer VC-API project to OpenWallet Foundation Labs
    - Work with David Zeuthen to transfer Android Identity Library project to OpenWallet Foundation Labs


- Resolution: SD-JWT .NET Project Proposal
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [SD-JWT .NET lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/24) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
    - Approved by role call vote; 7 aye, 0 nay, 0 abstain

- Resolution: Agent Framework JavaScript Project Proposal
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [Agent Framework JavaScript Project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/26) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
    - Stavros Kounis agreed to be the second sponsor to bring the project in at growth stage
    - Approved by role call vote; 7 aye, 0 nay, 0 abstain

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Should we cancel the December 27, 2023 call?
    - Next meeting is December 13, 2023
    - First GAC meeting held
    - Request for feedback: https://gitlab.opencode.de/bmi/eudi-wallet/eidas-2.0-architekturkonzept-v1/
