# 2023-12-13

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/meetings/2023/2023-11-29/#action-items)
- Moving to LFX Meetings
- Resolution: Add Schedule for Quarterly SIG Updates
- 2023 Retrospective
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10lxFLi3B9hzXQllonVFVCQA3vDRlDTeYrzNkhp9kqzg/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/V8P2M0deIr6ceWvtb1Xl4ly5LR0TCpy_O5FqSfw8whpuioXwm-LMawEIYTYVPzZq.VrzRcOgN9q1ghqJp)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Mike Varley
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Create Vulnerability Disclosure Policy

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG  meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call January 8)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CET (next call December 19)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 7am US/Pacific (next call December 19)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CET on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call December 20)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CET on the same weeks as the TAC (next meeting December 14)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-11-29.md#action-items)
    - Onboard SD-JWT .NET – completed
        - Transfer sd-jwt-dotnet repo to OpenWallet Foundation Labs GitHub – **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/sd-jwt-dotnet)**
        - Create sd-jwt-dotnet Discord channel – completed
        - Follow up with LF Legal on project intake form – completed
    - Onboard Agent Framework JavaScript – completed
        - Transfer repos to OpenWallet Foundation GitHub – **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/agent-framework-javascript)**
        - Create agent-framework-js Discord channel – completed
        - Follow up with LF Legal on project intake form – completed
    - Work with John Henderson to transfer VC-API project to OpenWallet Foundation Labs – _in progress_
    - Work with David Zeuthen to transfer Android Identity Library project to OpenWallet Foundation Labs – **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/identity-credential)**


- Moving to LFX Meetings
    - Reviewed LFX Meetings
    - See [LFX Meetings Management Guide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1exabunCvbUTBcsGizOeIGZ4NlR5NrYowG6E1XgY9otU/edit?usp=sharing)

- Resolution: Add Schedule for Quarterly SIG Updates
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [pull request "Resolution: Add Schedule for Quarterly SIG Updates"](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/81) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Motion Wenjing, second Jeremie
        - Resolution passed with no objections or abstentions

- 2023 Retrospective
    - Reviewed [accomplishments](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10lxFLi3B9hzXQllonVFVCQA3vDRlDTeYrzNkhp9kqzg/edit#slide=id.g26312d0b061_0_84)
        - Also include in the accomplishments the face-to-face and the discussion with LF Legal on project charters
    - Retrospective
        - Shoutouts?
            - Google for hosting us at our face-to-face in Mountain View
            - Tracy for leading meetings
            - SIG and Task Force leaders
        - What went well?
            - Good structure on the TAC
            - Opportunity to collaborate
            - Consistency of how TAC meetings are managed and the access to the information needed so that you can do prep
            - Transparency
            - Inclusiveness
            - Team spirit
            - Advocacy
            - Provided confidence to move from being a consumer of open source to actually publishing open source at OWF
            - Learning process of what's involved in open source has been incredibly useful
            - Collaboration
            - Donation
            - Strong community engagement
            - Support OpenWallet has received in terms of projects, sponsors and Governmental Advisory Council members
        - What could we do differently next year?
            - Include voting members on the agenda and let people know who can vote at these meetings
        - Recommendations for next year
            - List of events for next year -- include in the #events channel on Discord
            - Creating a resource of slides that others have presented at conferences to present OWF
            - Challenge: helping projects grow within the OWF
            - Challenge: helping projects collaborate and work with one another
            - Engaging with the EUDI and bringing projects into OWF
            - Interoperability is a topic for us to focus on next year. Not just for the same protocols, but also across protocols. SIDI is also something that we should work closely with
            - Publish a white paper documenting our overall architectural considerations for open wallets (started already in the Architecture SIG)
            - Engaging with Trust Over IP

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
        - Look at creating this next year
        - Resources:
            - [OpenSSF Guide to implementing a coordinated vulnerability disclosure process for open source projects](https://github.com/ossf/oss-vulnerability-guide/blob/main/maintainer-guide.md#readme)
            - [Hyperledger Foundation Security Policy](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/security.html)
            - [Hyperledger Foundation Security Template](https://toc.hyperledger.org/governing-documents/security-template.md)
            - [EU Digital Green Certificates Security Policy](https://github.com/eu-digital-green-certificates/dgc-overview/security/policy)
    - Next meeting is January 10, 2024
        - Architecture SIG Quarterly Update
        - Using LFX Meetings
