[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-06-14

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-05-31.md#action-items)
- TAC alternates policy
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1zBGjnBeaxsf2iw24yh2YMEM7dPNPYtA7o75tgTtWhms/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/3cHay9jIolXDk7t60GQerUtNJINkSWNMPcZo8_isNtWPEgrq_geCVJTzt1rFCEdB_XMrOFN3LN8gUlPi.Hiy2hdxGhHjD73ub?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FINBDYO-jGq9DLCbJwtauIYBsWXosAmQj82e5avjshN7TyU-_Uc0hnwJDyp-_IPZQ.n31EcBSyZgABUqZJ)

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Marie Austenaa
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Determine vice chair language
- Work with Daniel to transfer SD-JWT Python repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization
- [Credential Format Comparison SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/26)
    
    - [ ] Work with Torsten to get GitHub repo transferred to OpenWallet Foundation

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - [OID4VC Due Diligence Task Force kickoff meeting](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NnA3a2s4bzFxamhhcDA1NTR0cmlhbWtkM3BfMjAyMzA2MjFUMTUwMDAwWiBjXzUyN2ExZGI2MjFmZTcwNzMzODQyMWE5YzRjN2VmMmY2MTYwYjk3MzgzOGNmZGJiNTBmMGRiMzJhZDBmZDIwZWJAZw&tmsrc=c_527a1db621fe707338421a9c4c7ef2f6160b973838cfdbb50f0db32ad0fd20eb%40group.calendar.google.com&scp=ALL) – Wednesday, the 21st at 5pm CEST
    - Architecture SIG merged [Key Management Services conceptual architecture](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/architecture-sig/blob/main/docs/architecture/key-management-services.md)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG will meet on Wednesdays at 5pm CEST on alternate weeks to the OID4VC Due Diligence Task Force. Kickoff meeting planned for June 28th

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-05-17.md#action-items)
    - Work with Daniel to transfer SD-JWT Python repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization -- **in progress**
    - Create proposed language for TAC alternates -- **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/28)**
    - Add link to community calendar to website -- **[completed](https://openwallet.foundation/participate/)**
    - [OID4VC Due Diligence Task Force](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/23) -- **completed**
    
        - [x] Create Discord channel (#oid4vc-due-diligence-tf)
        - [x] Add information about Task Forces to [TAC website](https://openwallet-foundation.github.io/tac/)
        - [x] Add link to the above to the [OpenWallet Foundation GitHub Profile](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/.github/blob/main/profile/README.md)
    
    - [Credential Format Comparison SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/26) -- **in progress**
    
        - [x] Create Discord channel (#credential-format-comparison-sig)
        - [ ] Work with Torsten to get GitHub repo transferred to OpenWallet Foundation
        - [x] Determine leader of the SIG (Mirko Molik)
        - [x] Add information about Special Interest Groups to [TAC website](https://openwallet-foundation.github.io/tac/)
        - [x] Add link to the above to the [OpenWallet Foundation GitHub Profile](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/.github/blob/main/profile/README.md)

- TAC Alternates Policy
    - RESOLVED: That the [TAC Alternates Policy](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/28) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members.

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
    - A question was asked whether we were tracking a wishlist for potential projects
        - In general, we are looking for projects that fit with the vision of the OpenWallet Foundation. Those that are focused on wallet engine related to identity, money, and objects
        - We previously were capturing potential code projects using [this Google sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1SXX4F3i2vIZmMxgD4HtmiiUY1fB3OwPc_xziOoO_Zpk/edit#gid=0)
    - If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so  that they can follow up

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Relative to the Credential Format Comparison SIG, the ToIP Foundation has just started a task force on the same thing for credential exchange protocols. [See this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_KKQZmmNRnEME96fZCPbMW-TC9j0tQ-dVuk5zzKa8U8/edit#gid=485340784)
    - David Alexander will present on wallets and personal data stores at the next meeting and we will discuss further
        - [Background blog post](https://medium.com/mydex/data-wallets-a-trap-waiting-to-be-sprung-857427ec70a)
        - [Thread from Architecture SIG on personal data](https://discord.com/channels/1022962884864643214/1044329759347331213)
        - There’s also the [Decentralized Web Node project](https://identity.foundation/decentralized-web-node/spec/) that Block is leading at the Decentralized Identity Foundation
    - Next meeting is June 28, 2023
