# 2023-11-01

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/meetings/2023/2023-10-18/#action-items)
- Welcome new TAC member
- Resolution: [SD-JWT JS Project Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/20)
- Resolution: [SD-JWT Rust Project Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/23)
- Resolution: Proposal Process Updates
    - [Clarify Template Instructions](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/22)
    - [Update Process](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/69)
- Resolution: [Project Services and Paid Tooling](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/65)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1O8Wo0wKi64cz7TBZ8jwcKEMXkOfKW4qix8VgEWBaE1A/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/F3wRBzrVIdnhLCor_SxOK6Ab0L2oinazEHx_UlIMSv5l0uR3LyB_1ARIDE_MQ7b2.hHt99icMbLbjVlyP)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Mike Varley
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [ ] ~~Stavros Kounis~~
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call November 6)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CEST (next call November 7)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 8am US/Pacific (next call November 7)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call November 8)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CEST on the same weeks as the TAC (next meeting November 2)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up.

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-10-18.md#action-items)
    - Update project proposal template to make it easier for people to understand what the TAC is expecting for answers related to each question -- Tracy -- [completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/22/files)
    - Update project lifecycle to reflect project charters -- Tracy -- [completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/69/files)
    - Document the desire for OWF to utilize permissive licenses in the project lifecycle -- Tracy -- [completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/69/files)
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to SD-JWT JS lab proposal -- all
    - Work with John Henderson to transfer VC-API project to OpenWallet Foundation Labs
    - Work with David Zeuthen to transfer Android Identity Library project to OpenWallet Foundation Labs

- Welcome New TAC Member
    - Mike Varley will represent Gen Digital moving forward.

- Resolution: SD-JWT JS Project Proposal
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [SD-JWT JS lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/20) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
    - **APPROVED** with six yea, one absent

- Resolution: SD-JWT Rust Project Proposal
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [SD-JWT Rust lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/23) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
    - Matter not voted on.

- Resolution: Proposal Process Updates
    - **RESOLVED:** That the changes suggested in [Clarify Template Instructions](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/22) and [Update Process](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/69) are hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
    - **APPROVED** with six yea, one absent

- Resolution: Project Services and Paid Tooling
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [Project Services and Paid Tooling](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/65) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
    - **APPROVED** with six yea, one absent

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is November 15, 2023
