[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-05-03

## Agenda
- Review action items from last meeting
- Welcome new TAC member
- Task Force Proposal
- Assessment Framework - How do we want to assess incoming projects?
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sfNhY-kPRGzYgLtUKJW-ahTwxJUsK99CdDeVM0LOkr4/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/SWxhntBhYBPstvKWN-eS1CCPrE7ho-Kwvji8QAJnKaPTnBhla13QhrgoF3-NBuAxwq3mO3itNaM9eTYe.9FcGiiyV6pbEb3UQ?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FJRWoGA4HJzVbQ0PJg9gkMXdrMML3csaw7VdNQfp5Ytg_i3l685Cg5UN7v2G0Lbjt.zDljLLWSroKVl2vZ)

## Action Items
- Update Task Force process to include information on optional mailing lists and capturing meeting notes -- [commit](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/16/commits/c9f35618b72561d5833833aeda5bec84d26cce3f) -- **completed**
- Create process for Special Interest Groups similar to Task Force process and cross link the two processes together

## Meeting Minutes
- Review action items from last meeting
    - Document process for creating a task force - [pull request](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/16) -- **completed**

- Welcome new TAC member
    - We welcomed Troy Ronda from Gen Digital who is replacing Drummond Reed

- Task Force Proposal
    - **RESOLVED**: That the task force process documented in this [pull request](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/16) and [rendered on this page](https://github.com/tkuhrt/tac/blob/task-force-process/docs/governance/task-force-process.md) and using this [issue template](https://github.com/tkuhrt/tac/blob/task-force-process/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/task-force.yaml) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
    - Unanimously passed

- Assessment Framework
    - How do we want to assess incoming projects?
        - Currently documented [project acceptance process](https://openwallet-foundation.github.io/tac/governance/project-lifecycle/#project-acceptance-process)
        - Each [Project Lifecycle Stage](../../governance/project-lifecycle.md#stages) documents its acceptance criteria
    - What are the types of projects that we want to include?
        - Alignment with the [OpenWallet Foundation mission](../../governance/charter.md)
        - “various open source, open data and/or other open projects relating to or supporting development of digital wallets, including infrastructure and support initiatives related”
    - Discussion
        - Projects that would satisfy components of the [conceptual architecture created by the architecture SIG](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/architecture-sig/blob/main/docs/architecture/conceptual-architecture.md)
        - Projects that would fit in [slide 6 of the OpenWallet Foundation Overview 2023.02.23 deck](https://openwallet.foundation/wp-content/uploads/sites/11/2023/02/OpenWallet-Foundation-Overview.pdf)

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)

- Next steps
    - Next meeting is May 17, 2023
