[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-08-09

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-07-26.md#action-items)
- [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10)
- Budget Request to Governing Board
- Vice Chair
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1z_MWQ2c0MZixwEWW2jgtKBTBfv9IkHuGbqpIFA2yJBw/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/w-yHoqSlEBQxO9eMIVx8_No0EoFYts0xsafM7JmB2PdRFK28RKfXr4aSYn24kptHW4fg9sB6Vuu55Ne4.VHkLFkwbUQXf97o2)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [ ] Troy Ronda
- [ ] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Continue to work on budget line items
- Jorge to update code of conduct on Farmworker Wallet OS proposal -- **completed**
- Create repositories for the Farmworker Wallet OS Lab
- Share document with governance best practices -- **completed**
    - [OWF Project Guidance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit?usp=sharing) -- this document assumes a fairly mature project that consists of a technical steering committee and maintainers for the project. Please comment and add your thoughts/suggestions.
    - [Hyperledger's Project Best Practices](https://toc.hyperledger.org/guidelines/project-best-practices.html)
- Comment on [OWF Project Guidance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit?usp=sharing) - all

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG will meet on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force will meet weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CEST
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific
    - [sd-jwt-python](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/sd-jwt-python) source is now available

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-07-26.md#action-items)
    - Work with Daniel to transfer SD-JWT Python repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization -- **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/sd-jwt-python)**
    - Review [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10) -- **in progress**
    - Tracy to work with Jorge on creating a lab proposal for Hyperledger for the Aries-specific wrappers -- **[completed](https://github.com/hyperledger-labs/hyperledger-labs.github.io/pull/242)**
    - Develop list of budget line items needed by the TAC â€“ **[in progress](https://discord.com/channels/1022962884864643214/1133848881503936542/1133848889963856034)**

- [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10)
    - RESOLVED: That the Farmworker Wallet OS lab is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members.

- Budget Request to Governing Board
    - [Thread started on Discord](https://discord.com/channels/1022962884864643214/1133848881503936542/1133848889963856034)
    - [Sponsorship of Material for MkDocs to obtain access to the Insiders Version](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/insiders/) at $125/month to support the TAC website
    - Wiki (Confluence or similar)
    - License Scanning
    - Package Hosting - GitHub? ghcr.io? Is there a package hosting solution for all technologies that exists?
    - Playground/Sandbox Hosting
    - Others?

- Vice Chair
     - RESOLVED: That Stavros Kounis is hereby confirmed and approved as the TAC Vice Chair
        - Approved by the present TAC voting members with Stavros abstaining.

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
    - If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - Question asked about code proposal that depends on Aries/Bifold and whether that could be submitted to OWF?
        - If the project is only dependent on Aries/Bifold, then it can be submitted to OWF.
        - If, however the project is a wrapper of Aries/Bifold, then that should probably be submitted to Hyperledger.
    - Question about project governance best practices and whether we could document these best practices for new projects.
        - [OWF Project Guidance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit?usp=sharing) -- this document assumes a fairly mature project that consists of a technical steering committee and maintainers for the project. Please comment and add your thoughts/suggestions.
        - In addition, we can look at [Hyperledger's Project Best Practices](https://toc.hyperledger.org/guidelines/project-best-practices.html) for additional thoughts on guiding OpenWallet Foundation projects.

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is August 23, 2023
