!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-09-06

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-08-23.md#action-items)
- Welcome new TAC member
- [VC-API Project Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12)
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1RSPIss3mAuySxaC1HGarDWaSbv5m6up8vXuyQHHN_eI/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [ ] ~~Pete Cooling~~
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG will meet on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call September 13)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force will meet weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CEST (next call September 12)
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call September 11)

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-08-23.md#action-items)
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to [OWF Project Governance Guidance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit) - all
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to [VC-API prject proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12) - all
    - Provide infrastructure costs for the European Interoperability Test Bed - Harm Jan Arendshorst

- Welcome new TAC member
    - We welcomed David Zeuthen, Google premier member representative

- [VC-API Project Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12)
    - What referenced tutorials and documentation will moved from energywebfoundation GitHub organization to the OWF?
    - Code of Conduct is currently different from the OWF. Will this remain after being accepted into the OWF?
    - License
    - Missing DCO on existing repository

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
    - If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is September 20, 2023
