[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

# 2023-07-26

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-07-12.md#action-items)
- Materials for MkDocs Insiders version
- [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10)
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Hqo4GobtTtPAfh5qog8U80IquPkFnboug-dRRjtL2fI/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/NDzdilmwIBmOT4bJWzwV9UDhFKKl7IITirFP36n4OPNu7Wocj-UcTxUShzBh3DM9QRK1pd4cCxxT0pdF.JsKe4q2AEqkPxrxw)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [ ] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Develop list of budget line items needed by the TAC
- Work with Jorge on the item of whether aries-sdk-mendix makes sense within Hyperledger

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG will meet on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force will meet weekly on Wednesdays at 5pm CEST
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific
    - [Vice chair nomination period open](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/message/66) until August 2nd. Please submit your nominations
    - TAC website now available at https://tac.openwallet.foundation
    - OpenWallet Foundation Discord has a custom invite link: https://discord.gg/openwalletfoundation

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-06-14.md#action-items)
    - Work with Daniel to transfer SD-JWT Python repo to [openwallet-foundation-labs](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs) organization -- **in progress**
    - Review [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10) -- **in progress**
    - Review the proposed license of Farmworker Wallet OS project with LF legal -- **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10#discussion_r1267015989)**

- Materials for MkDocs Insiders version
    - RESOLVED: That the TAC recommends to the Governing Board the [sponsorship of Material for MkDocs to obtain access to the Insiders Version](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/insiders/) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Proposed resolution was not voted on. It was suggested that we develop a proposal that would include other tools that the technical community would need to limit the number of requests to the Governing Board.

- [Farmworker Wallet OS project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10)
    - Discussion items
        - [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10#discussion_r1254770431)
            - plan to change to use OWFâ€™s CoC
            - we may need to consider changing the template since it asks for the current CoC
        - [License](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10#discussion_r1267015989)
            - change to use Apache 2.0 license
        - [Project Governance](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10#discussion_r1254775939)
            - no change needed at this point
        - [Repo names](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10#discussion_r1275025697)
            - Discussion was had to make sure that we are prefixing repo names with the project name to ensure that it is easy for someone to find all repos associated with a single project
        - [Interoperable roadmap](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10#discussion_r1275035316)
            - No limit on what will be supported
        - [Hosting Aries-specific stuff at OWF](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10#discussion_r1275028824)
            - TAC considers wrappers of other projects to be better suited to be included with the parent project
            - Tracy to work with Jorge on creating a lab proposal for Hyperledger for the Aries-specific wrappers
            - Jorge to update proposal to reflect the above recommendation


- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
    - If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so  that they can follow up

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is August 9, 2023
