[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

# 2023-04-05

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Review action items from last meeting
- TAC "at large" election results
- Architecture SIG update
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1D9d9tNvBSrkcFqO68g6mWlB044AVxdNUGPURqlPlAJc/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/vwv4Se0z-B5UOxwDaEEr6GxO9imZ_PPb7y5AU-8bD9IV4qizHR3czWUcgSBO4Kzfg_zT2KbBfxzIKvQ.i-kgSP0hqSs7h9Bz?continueMode=true&_x_zm_rtaid=4yKo4eiNTHWAGyaLqDxAjg.1680713364042.d23d8563200ceb1c6b2ac60fe798fc59&_x_zm_rhtaid=395)

## Action Items
- Tracy to rename the architecture-task-force GitHub repo to architecture-sig - **completed**
- Jenn to rename the meeting invite for the Outside Architecture Special Interest Group to reflect that the name should be the Architecture SIG
- Jenn to add Stavros to the TAC meeting invite - **completed**
- Jenn to add Jeremie to the TAC meeting invite
- Create a GitHub organization (openwallet-foundation-labs) to host incoming labs

## Meeting Minutes
- Review action items from last meeting
    - Conduct an email vote for the [Governance documents](https://openwallet-foundation.github.io/tac/governance/) approval and adoption - **results 3 TAC members voted in favor; 1 TAC member abstained**
    - Conduct an email vote for the TAC "at large" schedule and process - **results 3 TAC members voted in favor; 1 TAC member abstained**
    - Todd to confirm whether the TAC can create an alternate policy or whether the Governing Board will need to update the charter to reflect - **currently no policy for TAC alternates; if we want this, we would need to present this to the GB to get a charter update**
        - The TAC would like to recommend that the board create an alternate policy for the TAC.
        - The language will be similar to the following "A TAC member can designate an alternate for a specific meeting, and has to notify the chair in advance."
    - Tracy to create a pull request to update the project proposal template to include links to the mission and project lifecycle - **[pull request](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/6) created and merged**
    - Create a GitHub organization (openwallet-foundation-labs) to host incoming labs - **not yet completed**
- TAC "at large" election results
    - Jeremie Miller
    - Stavros Kounis
- Architecture SIG update
    - [Digital wallet engine architecture topics brainstorm](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z2eSMozZ0HqHAPUjGk6p9FGK1ktmsMhDbQMi-EsRQJM/edit) - please add any topics that you think we missed
    - [Discussion on MOST important architecture topic](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/architecture-sig/discussions/48) - please add to the discussion
    - A question was brought up about the status of this group and whether it is a task force or a special interest group. The TAC formalized the group as a special interest group under the TAC.
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Next steps
    - Discussion regarding the upcoming conference season, including IIW, EIC, and others.
    - Suggestion was made to create an OpenWallet Foundation event calendar.
    - Next meeting is April 19, 2023.
