# 2023-11-15

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/meetings/2023/2023-11-01/#action-items)
- Task force update: OID4VC Due Diligence
- Resolution: [SD-JWT Rust Project Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/23)
- Resolution: [SD-JWT .NET Project Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/24)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1v0kuuVMQXT9WViYUncCaA0VVC7bYVIfwYD0vUI5Jp9k/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/j38JS1KXeeD4A06s-4DgL8kfeZ4UtxCgkXBN2WHR-NqjjI8GT2CEy_GqYxIlM48Z.UPHxoHfLoepisIi1)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Mike Varley
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Onboarding SD-JWT Rust lab
    - Create sd-jwt-rust repo in OpenWallet Foundation Labs GitHub
    - Create sd-jwt-rust Discord channel
    - Complete intake form to create project charter -- follow up with LF Legal on status

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call November 27; skipping week of US Thanksgiving)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CET (next call November 21)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 8am US/Pacific (next call November 21)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CET on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call November 22)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CET on the same weeks as the TAC (next meeting November 16)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up.
    - SIG quarterly updates will begin in January 2024


- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-11-01.md#action-items)
    - Update "permissive license" to "OSI-approved permissive license" in the project lifecycle and template PRs – completed and merged ([lifecycle PR 69](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/69) and [template PR 22](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/22))
    - Update Paid Tooling PR to reflect other requests require the Governing Board approval – [completed and merged](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/65)
    - Onboarding SD-JWT JS lab
        - Create sd-jwt-js repo in OpenWallet Foundation Labs GitHub – [completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/sd-jwt-js)
        - Create sd-jwt-js Discord channel – [completed (#sd-jwt-js)](https://discord.com/channels/1022962884864643214/1169313401302945792)
        - Complete intake form to create project charter
    - Work with John Henderson to transfer VC-API project to OpenWallet Foundation Labs
    - Work with David Zeuthen to transfer Android Identity Library project to OpenWallet Foundation Labs
        - Working on name of the project
        - David has been working with the downstream dependencies to make them aware of changes that will be coming

- Task Force Update: OID4VC Due Diligence
    - [Update Slide Deck](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xg5onqTUDrnsi3idrSFwDIg1hJCYMewy/edit)
    - Discussion about whether this task force should become a SIG
        - At this time, we will leave this as a task force
        - The task force members will decide on the expanded time that is needed
        - At some point in the future, this may become an OID4VC Implementers SIG

- Resolution: SD-JWT Rust Project Proposal
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [SD-JWT Rust lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/23) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members.

- Resolution: SD-JWT .NET Project Proposal
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [SD-JWT .NET lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/24) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Matter not voted on.

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is November 29, 2023
