!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-09-20

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-09-06.md#action-items)
- SIG Proposal - [SSI Wallet and Agent Overviews](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/56)
- SIG Proposal - [Anti-Correlation and Anti-Profiling](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/57)
- [VC-API Project Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12)
- [Intellectual Property Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11hTvmHkM6FQGFQp-Lsq6sbTblgIaKWccV6a7nP1nFa0/edit)
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18fnNIsJSsyLVghINBK4iTqFP6UYacCJjP7jnDjxZcGw/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/api73LV5M18PbQRQIaO0SLJ1YB0rMRZAg0-yDzVBHtW1t4LyHiJO29f3GhCV6g8P.7eANymN4gmo1-7Cq)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [ ] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [ ] Troy Ronda
- [ ] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Review, comment, and add feedback to the [Wallet Framework .NET project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/16) - all
- Review, comment, and add feedback to the [Intellectual Property Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11hTvmHkM6FQGFQp-Lsq6sbTblgIaKWccV6a7nP1nFa0/edit#heading=h.sqcy373m3v6g) - all
- Digital Wallet and Agent Overview SIG
    - Create Discord channel - Tracy
    - Add information to the TAC website regarding the SIG - Tracy
    - Add link to the above to the OpenWallet Foundation GitHub Profile - Tracy
    - Work with Maaike on infrastructure requirements (repo, mailing list) - Tracy/Maaike
- Anti-Correlation and Anti-Profiling SIG
    - Create Discord channel - Tracy
    - Add information to the TAC website regarding the SIG - Tracy
    - Add link to the above to the OpenWallet Foundation GitHub Profile - Tracy
    - Work with Andy on infrastructure requirements (repo, mailing list) - Tracy/Andy
- Conduct email vote for VC-API project approval - Tracy - **[completed](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/message/79)**

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG will meet on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call September 27)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force will meet bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CEST (next call September 26)
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call September 25)
    - New Project Proposal - [Wallet Framework .NET](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/16) - Please review
    - Suggested Future Project - [Support the Apple pass format](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/issues/17)

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-09-06.md#action-items)
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to [OWF Project Governance Guidance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit) by October 4th - all
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to [VC-API project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12) - all
    - Provide infrastructure costs for the European Interoperability Test Bed - Harm Jan Arendshorst
    - Create recommendation for governing board for intellectual property policy -- Tracy -- **[completed](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11hTvmHkM6FQGFQp-Lsq6sbTblgIaKWccV6a7nP1nFa0/edit)**
    - Update VC-API PR to answer questions asked during the meeting -- John – **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12)**
    - Determine if Energy Web Foundation is willing to relicense VC-API -- John – **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12#discussion_r1324748420)**

- SIG Proposal - SSI Wallet and Agent Overviews
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [SSI Wallet and Agent Overviews special interest group](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/56) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members

- SIG Proposal - Anti-Correlation and Anti-Profiling 
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [Anti-Correlation and Anti-Profiling special interest group](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/57) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members

- [VC-API Project Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12)
    - Discussion
    - **RESOLVED:** That the VC-API lab is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Since we did not have enough TAC voting members to meet the 2/3 supermajority vote, we will conduct an [email vote](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/message/79).

- [Intellectual Property Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11hTvmHkM6FQGFQp-Lsq6sbTblgIaKWccV6a7nP1nFa0/edit)
    - Apache 2.0 for source code
    - CC-BY-4.0 for documentation
    - Allowed Third Party License Policy
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [proposed Intellectual Property Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11hTvmHkM6FQGFQp-Lsq6sbTblgIaKWccV6a7nP1nFa0/edit) will be forwarded to the Governing Board for consideration.
        - Please review and provide your feedback
        - We will vote on this next time we meet

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
    - If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is October 4, 2023
    - Discussed whether to move to weekly meetings to support influx of project proposals. It was determined that we could be more efficient on these calls if we commented on the PRs when they are submitted to get questions answered that may delay the vote.
