[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

# 2023-09-06

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-08-23.md#action-items)
- Welcome new TAC member
- [VC-API Project Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12)
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1RSPIss3mAuySxaC1HGarDWaSbv5m6up8vXuyQHHN_eI/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/bVyvNo3zGt8NNua5Ycmffba4m6vlkK3aUdk6Wqxx2FO_C4hoPVmtdjrpnzIP2Dq-j_n_7qh383zked-S.NogoPhWZ5Nxkr5ai?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FqzUrRoKGdPTiXxaZ7tUKxVS7NVxk3GPQHjWc04WOtk8EGvzvPhgO3Me2AnIy7YKK.W73l998oLQ7Kr3UC&autoplay=true&startTime=1694008963000)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [ ] ~~Pete Cooling~~
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Create recommendation for governing board for licenses that are compatible with Apache 2.0 to be approved -- Tracy
- Update PR to answer questions asked during the meeting -- John
- Determine if Energy Web Foundation is willing to relicense VC-API -- John

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG will meet on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call September 13)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force will meet bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CEST (next call September 12)
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call September 11)

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-08-23.md#action-items)
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to [OWF Project Governance Guidance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit) - all
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to [VC-API prject proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12) - all
    - Provide infrastructure costs for the European Interoperability Test Bed - Harm Jan Arendshorst

- Welcome new TAC member
    - We welcomed David Zeuthen, Google premier member representative

- [VC-API Project Proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12)
    - How does this codebase relate to the energywebfoundation/ssi?
        - Does this proposal refer to the ssi repository OR only to work under the /vc-api path?
            - The intention is to bring over only the /vc-api path. We could consider whether it makes sense to bring over the other application, but it would require a separate proposal.
        - Are there dependencies or references to any implementation outside this folder that need attention if it is the latter?
            - Refer to the "Source Control" section of the proposal for information on what the dependencies are for the VC-API
        - Could we prepare a list of all the single repositories the vc-api needs and will be part of this proposal? I would also suggest supplementing this list with the purpose of these additional repos and their relationship/dependencies to vc-api.
            - This is captured in the "Source Control" section of the proposal.
        - For licensing purposes, will we leave related repositories in the organization they currently are? Should we expect a licensing conflict in this case?
            - John will follow up on the license with Energy Web Foundation.
        - What referenced tutorials and documentation will moved from energywebfoundation GitHub organization to the OWF?
            - Yes, we can move the tutorials and documentation into OWF.
    - Is this project an implementation of a VC API server or also client/wallet libraries?
        - Server only
    - Is this project based on the latest version of the CCG VC API? Does it already implement the full community report?
        - It implements the latest published version of the CCG VC API. It may be missing one or two endpoints. I don't think that we have implemented derived presentation.
    - Which credential formats and signature formats are supported?
        - Those that are supported by SpruceID's DIDKit
    - How have you tested interop?
        - We have not yet tested interop. The testing that we have done is with the available test suites.
    - What will be the prefix for this project?
        - We need to determine a way in which projects can be separated if they implement the same specification. Project prefixes are a way to do this and will allow us to trademark them in the future.
    - License
        - John to follow up with Energy Web Foundation about the possibility or re-licensing
        - Develop recommendation for the OWF governing board on licenses that are compatible with Apache 2.0
    - Missing DCO on existing repository

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
    - If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is September 20, 2023
