[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

# 2023-10-04

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-09-20.md#action-items)
- Project Proposal - [Wallet Framework .NET](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/16)
- Project Proposal - [Android Identity Library](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/18)
- [Intellectual Property Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11hTvmHkM6FQGFQp-Lsq6sbTblgIaKWccV6a7nP1nFa0/edit)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xhOHaL0n8xH8kIEUafrz3clIma6pYB_a3R81WdLuxek/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/A9qd5q7QOcB7of56dGsYAl5q_1Ph84rANXfcpn1-J4RWONk-aIi24nk3S64Y01R9.sHTJYBnlfi7Sg3T7)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [ ] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Drummond Reed (alternate for Troy Ronda)
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Conduct email vote on the Intellectual Property Policy
- Add project page for the Wallet Framework .NET project
- Work with Sebastian to transfer Wallet Framework .NET project code to OWF
- Review, comment, and add feedback to [Android Identity Library project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/18) - all

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call October 11)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CEST (next call October 24)
    - Architecture SIG  meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call October 16)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at [openwallet-foundation/project-proposals](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals). We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up.
    - [Pre-IIW Developer Face-to-Face](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/openwallet-pre-iiw-developers-face-to-face-tickets-722252636077) October 9


- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-09-20.md#action-items)
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to [OWF Project Governance Guidance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit) - all
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to the [Intellectual Property Proposal](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11hTvmHkM6FQGFQp-Lsq6sbTblgIaKWccV6a7nP1nFa0/edit#heading=h.sqcy373m3v6g) - all
    - Review, comment, and add feedback to the [Wallet Framework .NET project proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/16) - all
    - Provide infrastructure costs for the European Interoperability Test Bed - Harm Jan Arendshorst
    - Digital Wallet and Agent Overviews SIG onboarding - **[completed](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/SIGs/digital-wallet-and-agent-overviews/)**
    - Anti-Correlation and Anti-Profiling SIG Onboarding - **[completed](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/SIGs/safe-wallet/)**
    - Conduct email vote for VC-API project approval - Tracy - **[completed](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/message/79)** and **[approved](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/message/88)**

- Project Proposal - Wallet Framework .NET
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [Wallet Framework .NET](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/16) proposal is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members.

- Project Proposal - Android Identity Library
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [Android Identity Library](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/18) proposal is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Move to next meeting

- [Intellectual Property Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11hTvmHkM6FQGFQp-Lsq6sbTblgIaKWccV6a7nP1nFa0/edit)
    - Apache 2.0 for source code
    - CC-BY-4.0 for documentation
    - Allowed Third Party License Policy
    - Open Standards and Specifications
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [proposed Intellectual Property Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11hTvmHkM6FQGFQp-Lsq6sbTblgIaKWccV6a7nP1nFa0/edit) will be forwarded to the Governing Board for consideration.
        - Conduct an email vote

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Discussion regarding conflict of the Safe Wallet SIG with other meetings
    - Standing agenda items that we might want to add:
        - Socialization of what others in the community are doing
        - Project, SIG, Task Force updates
    - Next meeting is October 20 2023
