[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

# 2023-08-23

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-08-09.md#action-items)
- Budget Request to Governing Board
- OWF Project Governance Guidance
- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13L8ZzJY2HsWLwmb2Ux55FoMct8rR1gR8XrExbmLmLa4/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/XEcMXRiDH6reExbhrsglOGa0aEdCIDfKm6b1p87tS5IIK2CQd6AGA0z8pvQuiShX2pQXWrVf2SiWupFh.hAZzF3fXZfwhcKsl)

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Review, comment, and add feedback to [OWF Project Governance Guidance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit) - all
- Review, comment, and add feedback to [VC-API prject proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12) - all
- Provide infrastructure costs for the European Interoperability Test Bed - Harm Jan Arendshorst

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG will meet on Wednesdays at 4pm CEST on alternate weeks to the TAC
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force will meet weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CEST
    - Architecture SIG meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific
    - [Farmworker Wallet OS repositories](https://github.com/orgs/openwallet-foundation-labs/repositories?q=fwos&type=all&language=&sort=) created
    - Project pages created for each approved project on the [TAC website](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/)
    - Slide deck available covering the [OWF Project Proposal Process](https://docs.google.com/presentation/u/1/d/1NzDIcN63OURfGenSFMvpaPwveTk2Hpyys7CJIYlxb7A/edit)


- Review action items from [last meeting](./2023-07-26.md#action-items)
    - Continue to work on budget line items -- all
    - Jorge to update code of conduct on Farmworker Wallet OS proposal -- **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/10/commits/7e959f75a8641888af9b1c9b60765a634bc6834e)**
    - Create repositories for the Farmworker Wallet OS Lab -- **[completed](https://github.com/orgs/openwallet-foundation-labs/repositories?q=fwos&type=all&language=&sort=)**
    - Share document with governance best practices -- **[completed](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit?usp=sharing)**
    - Comment on [OWF Project Guidance](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kXGWPNEOAX-7KzYMggFKtWZFO-0oTnyiOTjNFjjFOLo/edit?usp=sharing) - all

- Budget Request to Governing Board
    - [Sponsorship of Material for MkDocs to obtain access to the Insiders Version](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/insiders/) at $125/month to support the TAC website
    - Wiki
        - Options:
            - Dokuwiki is currently included in our current LFIT budget
            - Confluence would be an additional $800/month
            - Continue utilizing GitHub wiki
            - Update the TAC website as necessary
        - Discussion:
            - Confluence is nice to allow for the ability to search across the entire foundation
            - Consider the migration costs
            - Confluence has a lot of nice features that GitHub wiki and Dokuwiki do not have
            - It is easier to bring markdown files into Confluence than to export to markdown
            - Most documentation for projects will be captured within projects as markdown files and hosted using something like ReadTheDocs.io or GitHub Pages
            - We do not currently have anyone that is asking for Confluence
            - If we sponsor Material for Mkdocs insiders version, then all OpenWallet Foundation projects will be able to utilize
        - Outcome: We will postpone asking for budget until we have a need
    - License Scanning
        - Another project within the Linux Foundation cost is $65,000/year
        - We should ask for this as it allows us to remain compliant with the open licenses
    - Package Hosting - GitHub? ghcr.io? Is there a package hosting solution for all technologies that exists?
        - ghcr.io (GitHub Packages) is free for all public GitHub repositories â€“ recommend we start there
        - [Support for Package Registries](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/learn-github-packages/introduction-to-github-packages#support-for-package-registries)
        - The only thing that we have currently that is not supported by GitHub Packages is Python
    - Playground/Sandbox Hosting
        - We do not yet have a price for this, but following are some of the things that we could see needing a sandbox
            - Accessing server-side APIs
            - Deployment of server-based reference wallet
            - Interop testing
            - Reference implementation of data objects that a wallet contain - example VC issuance and verification
        - Harm mentioned that he has some information on the infrastructure costs for hosting the European Interoperability Test Bed, which was presented to the architecture SIG on [March 27, 2023](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/architecture-sig/wiki/2023-03-27-Meeting-Minutes). Harm will provide information on these costs
        - Harm is also interested in bringing the Interoperability Test Bed as a project to the OWF
    - DevSecOps
        - The Linux Foundation is recommending that projects use GH Actions
        - Automated security/code scanning
        - [SonarQube](https://www.sonarsource.com/products/sonarqube) - Static code analysis

- OWF Project Governance Guidance
     - Request to review, add comments and feedback
     - David Alexander recommended that we include information about momentum and duty of care and working across the foundation
     - Stavros asked if a TSC is required for projects
         - No, a TSC is not mandatory. The idea is that if a project gets big enough where all the maintainers cannot get together easily and make decisions, more governance framework is needed, and this is the way to go in that case.
         - As such, we should make sure that this document provides the right level of guidance for projects at different stages in their lifecycle

- [Call for code from the community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals)
    - If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - Next time we meet, we will be reviewing the [VC-API prject proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/12)

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next meeting is September 6, 2023
