docs/governance/elections.md, before:

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

# Elections

## Electing a Chair
!!! quote "From the OWF Charter"
    The TAC is responsible for ... electing annually a chairperson to preside over meetings, set the agenda for meetings, ensure meeting minutes are taken and who will also serve on the Governing Board as the TAC’s representative (the “TAC Representative”).

The TAC voting members (as defined by the charter) will elect a chair on a yearly basis. Only TAC members are eligible to run for the TAC chair seat. Electing a chair will be completed through the [voting process outlined below](#voting-process). If the TAC chair must leave their position during their term or is otherwise unable to fulfill their duties, they should submit a resignation and allow the TAC to [fill the vacancy using the process outlined below](#tac-chair-vacancy).

## Electing "At Large" Representatives
!!! quote "Implied from the OWF Charter"
    The TAC is responsible for ... appointing up to two "at large" representatives to the TAC.

The TAC voting members (as defined by the charter) can appoint up-to-two "at large" representatives to the TAC. The election process for "at large" representatives will occur on a yearly basis. Members of the community can nominate themselves for the position. Alternatively, a TAC member can nominate a member of the community; however, the nominee must actively affirm their candidacy. Electing "at large" representatives will be completed through the [voting process outlined below](#voting-process). If the "at large" representative must leave their position during their term or is otherwise unable to fulfill their duties, they should submit a resignation. "At large" vacancies will be [handled using the process outlined below](#tac-at-large-representative-vacancy).

## Voting Process

### Voting Tool
Voting occurs by a time-limited [Helios Voting ballot](https://vote.heliosvoting.org/).

### Voting Schedule
The following is the default timeline for voting. The times can be adjusted to avoid weekends and holidays, but it is essential that the final schedule be published in advance and adhered to.

* Call for nominations: Noon PT, E-16 days
* End of call for nominations: Noon PT, E-9 days
* A ballot will be distributed on: E-7 days
* The election will be completed on: Noon PT, E-day and election results are announced

## Vacancies

### TAC Chair Vacancy
Should the TAC Chair seat become vacant, the vacancy will be filled by using the original selection method for that seat and the replacement will serve the remainder of the original term.

### TAC "At Large" Representative Vacancy
Should a TAC "at large" representative seat become vacant, the vacancy will be filled at the next indicative election, by electing a person for a full new term, not by serving out the vacant term.

!!! info
    The reason that the TAC "at large" vacancy is not filled immediately is that the charter does not specify a lower limit for TAC "at large" representatives; it only specifies an upper limit.

Commit message:

nomination statement
Signed-off-by: Tracy Kuhrt <tracy.a.kuhrt@accenture.com>

docs/governance/elections.md, after:

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

# Elections

## Electing a Chair
!!! quote "From the OWF Charter"
    The TAC is responsible for ... electing annually a chairperson to preside over meetings, set the agenda for meetings, ensure meeting minutes are taken and who will also serve on the Governing Board as the TAC’s representative (the “TAC Representative”).

The TAC voting members (as defined by the charter) will elect a chair on a yearly basis. Only TAC members are eligible to run for the TAC chair seat. Electing a chair will be completed through the [voting process outlined below](#voting-process). If the TAC chair must leave their position during their term or is otherwise unable to fulfill their duties, they should submit a resignation and allow the TAC to [fill the vacancy using the process outlined below](#tac-chair-vacancy).

## Electing "At Large" Representatives
!!! quote "Implied from the OWF Charter"
    The TAC is responsible for ... appointing up to two "at large" representatives to the TAC.

The TAC voting members (as defined by the charter) can appoint up-to-two "at large" representatives to the TAC. The election process for "at large" representatives will occur on a yearly basis. Members of the community can nominate themselves for the position. Alternatively, a TAC member can nominate a member of the community; however, the nominee must actively affirm their candidacy. Electing "at large" representatives will be completed through the [voting process outlined below](#voting-process). If the "at large" representative must leave their position during their term or is otherwise unable to fulfill their duties, they should submit a resignation. "At large" vacancies will be [handled using the process outlined below](#tac-at-large-representative-vacancy).

## Voting Process

### Voting Tool
Voting occurs by a time-limited [Helios Voting ballot](https://vote.heliosvoting.org/).

### Voting Schedule
The following is the default timeline for voting. The times can be adjusted to avoid weekends and holidays, but it is essential that the final schedule be published in advance and adhered to.

* Call for nominations: Noon PT, E-16 days
* End of call for nominations: Noon PT, E-9 days
* A ballot will be distributed on: E-7 days
* The election will be completed on: Noon PT, E-day and election results are announced

!!! abstract "Nominations"
    Nominees should outline their qualifications and provide a statement explaining why they would be a good choice for the seat.

## Vacancies

### TAC Chair Vacancy
Should the TAC Chair seat become vacant, the vacancy will be filled by using the original selection method for that seat and the replacement will serve the remainder of the original term.

### TAC "At Large" Representative Vacancy
Should a TAC "at large" representative seat become vacant, the vacancy will be filled at the next indicative election, by electing a person for a full new term, not by serving out the vacant term.

!!! note "Reasoning"
    A TAC "at large" vacancy is not filled immediately because the charter does not specify a lower limit for TAC "at large" representatives; it only specifies an upper limit.
