docs/projects/index.md, before:

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

# Projects

Projects in the OpenWallet Foundation follow the [project lifecycle](../governance/project-lifecycle.md). This page lists the active projects within the OpenWallet Foundation and their current [lifecycle stage](../governance/project-lifecycle.md#stages).

## Active Projects

| Approval Date | Project Name                                                      | Lifecycle Stage |
| ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 2023-May-17   | [SD-JWT Kotlin](./sd-jwt-kotlin.md)                               | Lab             |
| 2023-May-17   | [SD-JWT Python](./sd-jwt-python.md)                               | Lab             |
| 2023-Aug-09   | [Farmworker Wallet OS](./fwos.md)                                 | Lab             |
| 2023-Sep-28   | [VC API](./vc-api.md)                                             | Lab             |
| 2023-Oct-04   | [Wallet Framework .NET](./wallet-framework-dotnet.md)             | Lab             |
| 2023-Oct-18   | [Identity Credential](./identity-credential.md)                   | Lab             |
| 2023-Nov-01   | [SD-JWT JavaScript](./sd-jwt-js.md)                               | Growth          |
| 2023-Nov-15   | [SD-JWT Rust](./sd-jwt-rust.md)                                   | Lab             |
| 2023-Nov-29   | [SD-JWT .NET](./sd-jwt-dotnet.md)                                 | Lab             |
| 2023-Nov-29   | [Credo](./credo-ts.md)                                            | Growth          |
| 2024-Jan-24   | [Multiformat VC for iOS](./multiformat-vc-ios.md)                 | Lab             |
| 2024-Feb-21   | [Bifold](./bifold.md)                                             | Growth          |
| 2024-Apr-17   | [EUDI Wallet Kit React Native](./eudi-wallet-kit-react-native.md) | Lab             |
| 2024-May-15   | [Trust Spanning Protocol](./tsp.md)                               | Lab             |
| 2024-May-15   | [Tuvali](./tuvali.md)                                             | Lab             |
| 2024-May-29   | [Credhub](./credhub.md)                                           | Lab             |
| 2024-Jun-12   | [MDL JavaScript](./mdl-js.md)                                     | Lab             |
| 2024-Aug-07   | [Learner Credential Wallet](./learner-credential-wallet.md)       | Lab             |
| 2024-Sep-18   | [ACA-Py](./aca-py.md)                                             | Impact          |
| 2024-Sep-18   | [Askar](./askar.md)                                               | Growth          |
| 2024-Sep-18   | [OWL](./owl.md)                                                   | Growth          |
| 2024-Sep-18   | [DIDComm Mediator](./didcomm-mediator.md)                         | Growth          |
| 2024-Oct-02   | [Solid Data Wallet](./solid-data-wallet.md)                       | Lab             |
| 2025-Jan-08   | [DCQL TypeScript](./dcql-ts.md)                                   | Lab             |
| 2025-Jan-08   | [OID4VC TypeScript](./oid4vc-ts.md)                               | Lab             |
| 2025-Jan-08   | [OpenID Federation TypeScript](./openid-federation-ts.md)         | Lab             |
| 2025-Jan-23   | [SD-JWT Verifiable Credentials Data Model](./sd-jwt-vc-dm.md)     | Lab             |

Commit message:

Include a propose a project admonition
Signed-off-by: Stavros Kounis <skounis@gmail.com>

docs/projects/index.md, after:

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

# Projects

Projects in the OpenWallet Foundation follow the [project lifecycle](../governance/project-lifecycle.md). This page lists the active projects within the OpenWallet Foundation and their current [lifecycle stage](../governance/project-lifecycle.md#stages).

!!! tip "Propose a Project"
    If you would like to propose a new project, please see the [Project proposal process](../governance/project-lifecycle/#project-proposal-process).


## Active Projects

| Approval Date | Project Name                                                      | Lifecycle Stage |
| ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 2023-May-17   | [SD-JWT Kotlin](./sd-jwt-kotlin.md)                               | Lab             |
| 2023-May-17   | [SD-JWT Python](./sd-jwt-python.md)                               | Lab             |
| 2023-Aug-09   | [Farmworker Wallet OS](./fwos.md)                                 | Lab             |
| 2023-Sep-28   | [VC API](./vc-api.md)                                             | Lab             |
| 2023-Oct-04   | [Wallet Framework .NET](./wallet-framework-dotnet.md)             | Lab             |
| 2023-Oct-18   | [Identity Credential](./identity-credential.md)                   | Lab             |
| 2023-Nov-01   | [SD-JWT JavaScript](./sd-jwt-js.md)                               | Growth          |
| 2023-Nov-15   | [SD-JWT Rust](./sd-jwt-rust.md)                                   | Lab             |
| 2023-Nov-29   | [SD-JWT .NET](./sd-jwt-dotnet.md)                                 | Lab             |
| 2023-Nov-29   | [Credo](./credo-ts.md)                                            | Growth          |
| 2024-Jan-24   | [Multiformat VC for iOS](./multiformat-vc-ios.md)                 | Lab             |
| 2024-Feb-21   | [Bifold](./bifold.md)                                             | Growth          |
| 2024-Apr-17   | [EUDI Wallet Kit React Native](./eudi-wallet-kit-react-native.md) | Lab             |
| 2024-May-15   | [Trust Spanning Protocol](./tsp.md)                               | Lab             |
| 2024-May-15   | [Tuvali](./tuvali.md)                                             | Lab             |
| 2024-May-29   | [Credhub](./credhub.md)                                           | Lab             |
| 2024-Jun-12   | [MDL JavaScript](./mdl-js.md)                                     | Lab             |
| 2024-Aug-07   | [Learner Credential Wallet](./learner-credential-wallet.md)       | Lab             |
| 2024-Sep-18   | [ACA-Py](./aca-py.md)                                             | Impact          |
| 2024-Sep-18   | [Askar](./askar.md)                                               | Growth          |
| 2024-Sep-18   | [OWL](./owl.md)                                                   | Growth          |
| 2024-Sep-18   | [DIDComm Mediator](./didcomm-mediator.md)                         | Growth          |
| 2024-Oct-02   | [Solid Data Wallet](./solid-data-wallet.md)                       | Lab             |
| 2025-Jan-08   | [DCQL TypeScript](./dcql-ts.md)                                   | Lab             |
| 2025-Jan-08   | [OID4VC TypeScript](./oid4vc-ts.md)                               | Lab             |
| 2025-Jan-08   | [OpenID Federation TypeScript](./openid-federation-ts.md)         | Lab             |
| 2025-Jan-23   | [SD-JWT Verifiable Credentials Data Model](./sd-jwt-vc-dm.md)     | Lab             |
