docs/index.md, before:

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

# Technical Advisory Council

!!! note
    The role, responsibilities, and voting members sections were copied from the [OpenWallet Foundation charter](governance/charter.md).

The role of the Technical Advisory Council (TAC) is to facilitate communication and collaboration among the _Technical Projects_. _Technical Projects_ are defined by the [OWF charter](governance/charter.md) as "various open source, open data and/or other open projects relating to or supporting development of digital wallets, including infrastructure and support initiatives related thereto" that have been approved by a two-thirds vote of the TAC to join the OpenWallet Foundation. (See the [Project Lifecycle](governance/project-lifecycle.md) for more information.)

## Responsibilities
The TAC will be responsible for:

1. maintaining an overall strategic vision for technical collaboration and coordinating collaboration among _Technical Projects_, including development of an overall technical vision for the community;
2. making recommendations to the Budget Committee of resource priorities for _Technical Projects_;
3. electing annually a chairperson to preside over meetings, set the agenda for meetings, ensure meeting minutes are taken and who will also serve on the Governing Board as the TAC’s representative (the “TAC Representative”);
4. creating, maintaining and amending project lifecycle procedures and processes, deciding where _Technical Projects_ fall within that lifecycle;
5. determining when a technical project should be admitted as a _Technical Project_ or any _Technical Project_ should be considered a TAC Project; and
6. such other matters related to the technical role of the TAC as may be communicated to the TAC by the Governing Board.

## Voting Members
The voting members of the TAC consist of:

1. one representative appointed by each Premier Sponsor;
2. up to two “at large” representatives appointed by vote of the TAC; and
3. one representative appointed by the technical oversight body (e.g., a technical steering committee) of each TAC Project (as defined in the [charter](governance/charter.md)).

## Meetings
TAC meetings are intended to be open to observe by Sponsors, contributors to any TAC Project and others in the general public interested in the OpenWallet Foundation.

Commit message:

Add meeting details
Signed-off-by: Tracy Kuhrt <tracy.a.kuhrt@accenture.com>

docs/index.md, after:

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

# Technical Advisory Council

!!! note
    The role, responsibilities, and voting members sections were copied from the [OpenWallet Foundation charter](governance/charter.md).

The role of the Technical Advisory Council (TAC) is to facilitate communication and collaboration among the _Technical Projects_. _Technical Projects_ are defined by the [OWF charter](governance/charter.md) as "various open source, open data and/or other open projects relating to or supporting development of digital wallets, including infrastructure and support initiatives related thereto" that have been approved by a two-thirds vote of the TAC to join the OpenWallet Foundation. (See the [Project Lifecycle](governance/project-lifecycle.md) for more information.)

## Responsibilities
The TAC will be responsible for:

1. maintaining an overall strategic vision for technical collaboration and coordinating collaboration among _Technical Projects_, including development of an overall technical vision for the community;
2. making recommendations to the Budget Committee of resource priorities for _Technical Projects_;
3. electing annually a chairperson to preside over meetings, set the agenda for meetings, ensure meeting minutes are taken and who will also serve on the Governing Board as the TAC’s representative (the “TAC Representative”);
4. creating, maintaining and amending project lifecycle procedures and processes, deciding where _Technical Projects_ fall within that lifecycle;
5. determining when a technical project should be admitted as a _Technical Project_ or any _Technical Project_ should be considered a TAC Project; and
6. such other matters related to the technical role of the TAC as may be communicated to the TAC by the Governing Board.

## Voting Members
The voting members of the TAC consist of:

1. one representative appointed by each Premier Sponsor;
2. up to two “at large” representatives appointed by vote of the TAC; and
3. one representative appointed by the technical oversight body (e.g., a technical steering committee) of each TAC Project (as defined in the [charter](governance/charter.md)).

## Meetings
Find the meeting details, agendas, and past recordings under the [Meetings tab](./meetings/).
