# 2024-02-07

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-01-24.md/#action-items)
- Credential Format Comparison SIG Update
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1FnegQ8sywiRO13_y-SSev9hFdQ2h7uCHvRWoQ-ZuQSk/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/ijAD267TBIEaldfhmnN-2UjYpcZe3QkoaU-OthrK4TRmOxHs55AzepP8mJSnCnmP.MNHpxJ2TeoXiyTR9)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jeremie Miller
- [ ] ~~Mike Varley~~
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Sean to work with Mirko on a blog post on the Credential Format Comparison SIG

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG  meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call February 12)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CET (next call February 13)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 7am US/Pacific (next call February 13)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CET on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call February 14)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CET on the same weeks as the TAC (next meeting February 8)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-01-24.md#action-items)
    - Onboard new lab
        - Create Discord channel -- completed (#multiformat-vc-ios)
        - Create GitHub repo -- [ticket created](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/103)
    - Open [discussion item for 2024 Goals](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/discussions/102) -- **completed**
    - Provide thoughts on the [2024 TAC Goals](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/discussions/102) and upvote any items that you think has importance -- All

- [Credential Format Comparison SIG Update](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1FnegQ8sywiRO13_y-SSev9hFdQ2h7uCHvRWoQ-ZuQSk/edit#slide=id.g2b730f058ff_0_0)

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting February 21, 2024
        - Digital Wallets and Agents Overview SIG Update

