# 2024-10-16

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-10-02.md#action-items)
- Project Annual Reviews
    - [SD-JWT Kotlin](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/171)
    - [VC-API](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/185)
    - Wallet Framework .NET Annual Review
- Architecture SIG Q4 Update
- Credential Format Comparison SIG Q4 Update
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1clmUk-vSMk44XLxm0pYYm2YCll1Udt2CgKpahcVJd2Q/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/omEhwoUoPOhEn1RSCPNSwEkobSkkjRPmRscnujW0NUspTi4lMBgy9Xk5JPKaIm-h.xB9XGXJvlsOprUcO)

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] ~~David Zeuthen~~
- [x] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [x] Rolson Quadras
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Stephen Curran
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [ ] ~~Wenjing Chu~~

## Action Items

- Reach out to Wallet Framework .NET maintainers about annual review - Tracy

## Meeting Minutes

- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - OpenWallet Foundation Newsletter: Coming soon
    - ACA-Py Overview Meetup: in progress
    - October IIW Attendance - if you will not be able to attend the TAC meeting on October 30th due to IIW attendance, please let us know
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - Brian informed the TAC that he would be moving on from the OpenWallet Foundation at the end of this month

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-10-02.md#action-items)
    - Review Annual Reviews offline - all
    - Onboard new lab - working with the project formation team on naming and project charter
    - Onboard new SIG - working with the co-chairs to get the meeting set up on the OWF calendar for the week of November 4

- Project Annual Reviews
    - [SD-JWT Kotlin Annual Review](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/171)
        - Ace updated us on the status of SD-JWT Kotlin. Two pieces to note are that the project will be a mirror of the EUDI implementation and that a goal for the upcoming year is to implement a GitHub action to make this happen
        - **RESOLVED**: TAC members agree to continue to sponsor the SD-JWT Kotlin lab at its current stage
            - Ace motioned; Tracy seconded
            - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members

    - [VC-API Annual Review](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/185)
        - John Henderson provided a readout of the VC-API Annual Review
        - Ace asked about prior goals. John mentioned that there were no quantifiable goals in the proposal
        - Ace asked about vcplayground.org and whether this has been adopted yet. John said that vcplayground.org would be an opportunity to advance digital wallets and potentially gain interest in the project
        - Stephen mentioned that ACA-py has an implementation of VC-API and it would be worth working together to see what might be done to demonstrate how the two projects work together. It was also mentioned that OWL could be another place to collaborate
        - Ace asked about whether there is a plan to implement KMS interface. John said that this is not currently in scope given the use of Credo and leveraging their implementation
        - Ace asked whether any servers existed for the project. John mentioned that one exists for ELIA usage, but it might be interesting to set up a test server that could be more widely utilized
        - **RESOLVED**: TAC members agree to continue to sponsor the VC-API lab at its current stage
            - Ace motioned; Stephen seconded
            - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members

    - Wallet Framework .NET Annual Review
        - Action Item: Reach out to Wallet Framework .NET maintainers about annual review - Tracy

- [Architecture SIG Q4 Update](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rI5pfM1oxvFWPsTDhuBv2fEUwOX4hZfdzuWZTbotvWw)
    - Tracy provided an update on the Architecture SIG progress
    - The main progress is the merge of the [Universal Wallet Architecture Whitepaper](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/architecture-sig/blob/main/docs/papers/architecture-whitepaper.md), which Tracy quickly highlighted
    - Next steps are to complete the project mappings for Credo and Bifold

- Credential Format Comparison SIG Q4 Update
    - Mirko provided an update on the Credential Format Comparison SIG
    - There is not much interest in the SIG with attendees at the meeting
    - The Wallet and Agents Overview SIG depends on the content from this SIG
    - A couple of suggestions were made:
        - Disband the SIG - This was not desired given the dependency on the content from the Wallet and Agents Overview SIG
        - Combine the two SIGs - Ecosystem Comparison SIG
        - Convert the SIGs into a lab so that the work on the contents of these two SIGs could be merged into a single project

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting October 30, 2024
        - Wallet Framework .NET Annual Review
        - Identity Library Annual Review
    
    - November 13, 2024 Meeting
        - Wallet and Agents Overview SIG Q4 Update

