# 2024-10-02

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Welcome New TAC Members
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-09-18.md#action-items)
- SIG Proposal - [Wallet Interoperability](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/182)
- Project Proposal - [Solid Data Wallet](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/46)
- Project Annual Reviews
    - [SD-JWT Kotlin](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/171) - **PLEASE REVIEW OFFLINE**
    - [VC-API](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/185) - **PLEASE REVIEW OFFLINE**
- Architecture SIG Q4 Update
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10DFMF3cWAZGHSMO4-b9eggJm5KJJFORQyBkthhTBtEE/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/MdAFIG9dZNfrkHgFeil_MUGle0nV0dm-sfFRcIBzYVq1iEbBg_x-rooxMUn32JU8.GkGCUFK-kQrnQsq0)

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] ~~David Zeuthen~~
- [x] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [x] Rolson Quadras
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Stephen Curran
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

- Review Annual Reviews offline - all
- Onboard new lab
- Onboard new SIG

## Meeting Minutes

- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - Housekeeping:
        - [Update email](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/announcements/message/10)
        - Sept 24th: OpenWallet Foundation Multistakeholder Technical Meeting on the EUDI Wallet update
        - Wiki has been updated by LFIT and has some final edits this week
        - Thanks to TAC members who filled out the OOTO/Holidays Poll 
        - [Safe Wallet SIG AMA](https://youtu.be/9Wu_TfxAim4)
    - Question asked about whether we would consider entire wallet contributions in addition to the libraries and SDKs that we have in the foundation.
        - Anything related to wallets are definitely fair game for the OpenWallet Foundation and contributions of the source projects. This would include entire wallets.

- Welcome new TAC members
    - Stephen Curran was welcomed as the ACA-Py project representative

- Moving Askar to Growth from Impact
     - Given the administrative overhead of needing a TAC representative, the Askar project requested that they be moved to Growth from Impact
     - **RESOLVED**: That the Askar project be moved to Growth from Impact stage
         - Wenjing motioned; Pete seconded
         - Five approved; Stephen and Ace abstained; one absent

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-09-04.md#action-items)
    - Onboard new projects - in progress
    - Stephen to update SIG proposal for discussion at next meeting - completed

- SIG Proposal - [Wallet Interoperability](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/182)
    - Stephen provided an overview of the SIG
    - Stavros mentioned a similar effort in the EUDI space that could complement this SIG
    - Discussion about scope and a desire that this cover wallet ecosystems instead of just wallets. This is as planned.
    - **RESOLVED**: That the [Wallet Interoperability SIG proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/182) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Wenjing motioned; Ace seconded
        - 6 approved; Stephen abstained; one absent

- Project Proposal - Solid Data Wallet
    - Hadrian Zbarcea provided an overview of the proposal
    - Questions asked to clarify the scope of the project. Currently proposed as a wallet that uses Solid for storage, but may evolve based on the direction that the OWF community might bring to the efforts
    - Suggestion that there might be some good collaboration with Askar to integrate Solid pods
    - Project is open to new contributors that may end up becoming maintainers of the project
    - GitHub does not seem to be appropriately recognizing that this is an Apache 2.0 only licensed project. We will need to resolve this before bringing the code over. Hadrian has taken an action to determine what is happening there
    - **RESOLVED**: That the [Solid Data Wallet proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/46) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted as a Growth project.
        - Wenjing motioned; Stavros seconded
        - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members

- Project Annual Reviews
    - [SD-JWT Kotlin Annual Review](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/171) - **PLEASE REVIEW OFFLINE**
    - [VC-API Annual Review](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/185) - **PLEASE REVIEW OFFLINE**

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting October 16, 2024
        - Architecture SIG Update
        - Credential Format Comparison SIG Q4 Update
        - Wallet Framework .NET Annual Review
