# 2024-05-15

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-05-01.md#action-items)
- Project Proposal: [OpenId4BLE Library](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/32)
- Project Proposal: [Trust Spanning Protocol](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/33)
- [Project Annual Reviews](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/145)
- OpenID4VC Due Diligence Task Force Update
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZGxQ8HlEogVfIH-37Cj3k6LzjGe3pnzu4ODhOhicP5M/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] David Zeuthen
- [ ] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [ ] Mike Varley
- [ ] Pete Cooling
- [ ] Stavros Kounis
- [ ] Tracy Kuhrt
- [ ] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

## Meeting Minutes

- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG  meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call June 3)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CET (next call June 4)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 7am US/Pacific (next call June 4)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CET on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call June 5)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CET on the same weeks as the TAC (next meeting May 30)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - EIC Planning discussions taking place on Discord in the #eic-planning channel

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-05-01.md#action-items)
    - Update Content Plan PR to include links - **[completed](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/governance/content-plan/)**

- Project Proposal: OpenId4BLE Library
    - **RESOLVED**: That the [OpenId4BLE Library proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/32) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
 
- Project Proposal: Trust Spanning Protocol
    - **RESOLVED**: That the [Trust Spanning Protocol lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/33) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.

- Project Annual Reviews
    - **RESOLVED**: That the [Project Annual Reviews pull request](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/145) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Adds template
        - Adds schedule

- OID4VC Due Diligence Task Force Update

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting May 29, 2024
    - Digital Wallet and Agent Overviews SIG Update
