# 2024-03-06

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-02-21.md#action-items)
- Safe Wallet SIG Update
- OWF Wallet Stacks
- [Project Promotion Process](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/118)
- Open discussion and next steps


## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1G-O26KtU2njSxBqwDn9A-RgE7ldRl5xT_2GnIknM0gI/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/-BQj2o2e_RYH0F7zW6AXOOXLVX0QHX4XVJekegOiSeygnlzRyRxPYe-sXWTicqQ.B5N4CDUyhDpeqPar)

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] David Zeuthen
- [ ] Jeremie Miller
- [x] Rolson Quadras (alternate for Mike Varley)
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Create discussion item to continue discussion on Wallet Stacks - Tracy -- **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/discussions/123)**

## Meeting Minutes

- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG  meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call March 11)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CET (next call March 12)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 7am US/Pacific (next call March 12)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CET on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call March 13)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CET on the same weeks as the TAC (next meeting March 7)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - Reminder: Elections are coming up starting March 20, 2024; we will be accepting TAC “at large” nominations
    - Join the OpenWallet Foundation for our 1 year anniversary webinar on March 14, 9am PDT / 1700 CET / 9:30pm IST https://zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_MiUSaLFgQFOhVdTBMtlLuA#/registration

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-02-21.md#action-items)
    - Create a PR against the project lifecycle to include information on transitioning through the lifecycle stages – [complete](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/118)
    - Work with Bifold to onboard project into OWF – completed

- Safe Wallet SIG Update
    - Information included in the [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1G-O26KtU2njSxBqwDn9A-RgE7ldRl5xT_2GnIknM0gI/edit#slide=id.g2bdd8129051_0_0) on the updates.

- OWF Wallet Stacks
    - Brian presented the idea of Wallet Stacks as outlined in the [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1G-O26KtU2njSxBqwDn9A-RgE7ldRl5xT_2GnIknM0gI/edit#slide=id.g2bdd8129051_0_104)
    - Discussion ensued
    - A [discussion item in the TAC GitHub](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/discussions/123) will be created to continue discussions and feedback on the idea

- Project Promotion Process
    - RESOLVED: That the [project promotion process](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/118) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Moved to the next meeting
        - Request that TAC members review the PR and provide any feedback

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting March 20 2024

