# 2024-01-10

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](../../2023/2023-12-13/#action-items)
- Architecture SIG Update
- Discuss Drafted Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
- Goals for 2024 (time permitting)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1tYi_KiqFlQSYBEKSEfPZ4YjzmVWcikOmv0V6F5Tzyyo/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] David Zeuthen
- [ ] Jeremie Miller
- [ ] Rolson Quadras (alternate for Mike Varley)
- [ ] Pete Cooling
- [ ] Stavros Kounis
- [ ] Tracy Kuhrt
- [ ] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

## Meeting Minutes
- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG  meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call January 15)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CET (next call January 17)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 7am US/Pacific (next call January 16)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CET on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call January 17)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CET on the same weeks as the TAC (next meeting January 11)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up

- Review action items from [last meeting](../../2023/2023-12-13.md#action-items)
    - Work with John Henderson to transfer VC-API project to OpenWallet Foundation Labs – [**completed**](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/vc-api)
    - Create Vulnerability Disclosure Policy – [**drafted**](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/92)

- Architecture SIG Update
    - See [Architecture SIG Q1 2024 Update](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ruBVQTp2U9KTR9F9oH55o0ge9Sn0T_KR6utExQqD0Xc/edit?usp=sharing) for the answers to the following questions:
        - What is the Architecture SIG?
        - What has the Architecture SIG accomplished?
        - What is next for the Architecture SIG?
        - Where can I get information on the Architecture SIG?
        - How do I participate in the Architecture SIG?

- Discuss Drafted Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
    - Discuss [pull request](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/92)

- Goals for 2024
    - What specific goals does the TAC have for 2024?

- Open discussion and next steps
