# 2024-08-21

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-08-07.md#action-items)
- Digital Wallet and Agent Overviews SIG update
- Project Annual Reviews
    - [SD-JWT Kotlin](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/171) - **MOVED TO NEXT MEETING**
    - [Farmworker Wallet OS](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/178)
- [Publishing Deliverables in the OWF Community](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/169)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1IO-tc5L6bT9HNWRoiv8gGr-awy5fu79bbf0aNMa-lFk/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/N_L0lYtWWTIYydmiqbgASoPIANKrRzACt4L_71IWRSDBFVgjpP7_afzTBB_0gvdd.mVBIqipGpSa7cnm9)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [ ] ~~Jaehoon (Ace) Shim~~
- [x] Rolson Quadras
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [ ] ~~Stavros Kounis~~
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Create plan for the future of the Credential Formats Comparison SIG and the Digital Wallets and Agents Overview SIG - Mirko

## Meeting Minutes

- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - Safe Wallet SIG Ask Me Anything webinar in two weeks; Sean will provide details on Discord

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-08-07.md#action-items)
    - Update [Deliverables Lifecycle governance document](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/169/files) - Tracy - **completed**

- Digital Wallets and Agents Overview SIG Update
    - Still getting pull requests for new wallets
    - Low participation in the bi-weekly meetings
    - Possibly combine this SIG with the Credential Format Comparison SIG
    - Need to socialize the [overview matrix](https://openwallet-foundation.github.io/digital-wallet-and-agent-overviews-sig/) to a wider audience
    - Look for ways to involve the projects and possibly to provide ownership of an entry to those that create the wallet
    - Adding a comment at the top of the matrix that says that this is volunteer-maintained and you can add your own wallet
    - Creation of short videos (what this is, how you can contribute)
    - Next step: Mirko will work with others offline to come up with a plan and bring it back to the TAC on possibly merging the SIGs

- Project Annual Reviews
    - [SD-JWT Kotlin Annual Review](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/171) - **MOVED TO NEXT MEETING**
    - [Farmworker Wallet OS](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/178)
        - Jorge provided an overview of the progress that the community is making
        - Wenjing asked if there was anything that the TAC or the OWF organization could provide
            - Having people in the community use the project even if only for testing purposes
            - Webinar, workshop, or meetup to allow for a presentation of how to get the project up and running
        - **RESOLVED:** That the [Farmworker Wallet OS annual review](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/178) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
            - Wenjing motioned; David seconded
            - 4 approved; 1 abstained

- Publishing Deliverables in the OWF Community
    - **RESOLVED:** That the [Deliverables Lifecycle governance document](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/169) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - **No vote taken**
        - Changes since we last spoke:
            - Removed the need for TAC approval, but kept the community review period
            - Removed Terms of Usage section (already covered by the CC-by-4.0 text)
            - Added a “Non-Representative” Disclaimer section
        - Discussed the concerns of the Safe Wallet SIG members that the "Non-Representative" Disclaimer section appears that the OWF does not support the work of the SIGs
        - No alternative language has been suggested
        - We will look at approving this next week

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting September 4, 2024
        - Project Annual Reviews
            - SD-JWT Kotlin Annual Review
        - [Acceptance Criteria for Growth Projects](https://lists.openwallet.foundation/g/TAC/message/163)
        - Safe Wallet SIG update
