# 2024-05-29

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-05-15.md#action-items)
- Project Proposal: [credhub](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/36)
- [Project Annual Reviews](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/145)
- Digital Wallet and Agent Overviews SIG Update
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19wu3PVZSK5Ue9R4rxKcr7H2JxgEaCFnpQyBK7itiHaY/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/cgaicRdsV_r4SQsPZxNHl2k7YV9BtXFZc6649Mc6cxyDOGrKSHpoHAezV1QVgwgp.ySOHIV4bippUxAlr)

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [x] Rolson Quadras
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

- Onboard Credhub project
    - Create Discord channel
    - Transfer repo
    - Create project page

## Meeting Minutes

- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - EIC Planning discussions taking place on Discord in the #eic-planning channel
    - If you are interested in participating in the architecture SIG calls, we have a [when2meet survey](https://www.when2meet.com/?25087483-2BcW9) out there to find a new meeting time
    - [EUDI Architecture Reference Framework v1.4 published](https://eu-digital-identity-wallet.github.io/eudi-doc-architecture-and-reference-framework/1.4.0/arf/)
    - OpenWallet Foundation is hosting two workshops -- one for OpenID Connect for VCI and one for OpenID Connect for VP -- on June 10th and June 12th. Please be on the lookout for registration links coming soon

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-05-15.md#action-items)
    - Onboard OpenID4BLE Library lab
        - Created Discord channel (#tuvali) - **completed**
        - Need to transfer repo ([Issue #151](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/151)) - _in progress_
        - Working on project page ([PR #149](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/149)) - _in progress_
    - Onboard Trust Spanning Protocol lab
        - Created Discord channel (#tsp) - **completed**
        - Need to transfer repo ([Issue #150](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/150)) - _in progress_
        - Working on project page ([PR #149](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/149)) - _in progress_

- Project Proposal: credhub
    - **RESOLVED**: That the [credhub lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/36) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Stavros motioned; Wenjing seconded
        - Unanimously approved
 
- Project Annual Reviews
    - **RESOLVED**: That the [Project Annual Reviews pull request](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/145) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - David Z motioned; Rolson seconded
        - Unanimously approved

- Digital Wallet and Agent Overviews SIG Update
    - Mirko presented an [update on the SIG](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19wu3PVZSK5Ue9R4rxKcr7H2JxgEaCFnpQyBK7itiHaY/edit#slide=id.g2e0ce8e9578_0_0)

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting June 12, 2024
        - SD-JWT Python Annual Review
        - SD-JWT Kotlin Annual Review
        - Safe Wallet SIG Update

