# 2024-05-01

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-04-17.md#action-items)
- Credential Format Comparison SIG Q2 Update
- Content Plan
- Reference Architecture contribution
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1he1k6a_1h8nR8P-BcfhfN9HuK0CmU_qSOv9caBWDqX0/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## TAC Voting Members

- [x] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [x] Rolson Quandras for Mike Varley
- [ ] ~~Pete Cooling~~
- [ ] ~~Stavros Kounis~~
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

## Meeting Minutes

- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG  meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call May 6)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CET (next call May 7)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 7am US/Pacific (next call May 7)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CET on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call May 8)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CET on the same weeks as the TAC (next meeting May 2)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - EIC Planning discussions taking place on Discord in the #eic-planning channel

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-04-03.md#action-items)
    - Set up new lab eudi-wallet-kit-react-native - [complete](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/eudi-wallet-kit-react-native/)
        - [Discord channel](https://discord.com/channels/1022962884864643214/1230175333303717889)
        - [GitHub repo](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/eudi-wallet-kit-react-native)

- Content Plan
    - RESOLVED: That the [Content Plan](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/142) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.

- Reference Architecture Contribution
    - [Pull Request](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/architecture-sig/pull/66) ([Rendered version](https://github.com/tkuhrt/owf-architecture-sig/blob/architecture-wp/docs/papers/architecture-whitepaper.md))
    - Proposed next steps:
        - Input from community - please provide comments on the PR
        - Add a heatmap that maps our current projects to the technology capabilities

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting May 15 2024
    - Digital Wallet and Agent Overviews SIG Update
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force update
    - Project Proposal: Library for OpenID4BLE
