# 2024-06-12

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-05-29.md#action-items)
- Project Proposal: [mdl.js](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/37)
- Project Annual Reviews
    - [SD-JWT Python Annual Review](https://github.com/lukasjhan/project-proposals/blob/pp/mdoc/projects/mdl-js.md)
    - SD-JWT Kotlin Annual Review
- Safe Wallet SIG Update
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1IGQsx2hMNoLGdeivgNGbEFMPnKSzG2c63ha7D9O5ILE/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/AMTuIkuiahjdiTzO1E2cePpKXb576Lfuz3medTW_xlH-npk2XlM5-AnhRZTWJUnh.olC9PaIZgcbAr61H)

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [x] Rolson Quadras
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [ ] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [x] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Onboard mdl.js
- Reach out to Fabian regarding new maintainership - Sean/Torsten
- File PR against [openwallet-foundation-labs/governance](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/governance) to update maintainership for sd-jwt-kotlin - Ace

## Meeting Minutes

- Announcements
    - Please see the [OpenWallet Foundation calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/openwalletfoundation) for a list of upcoming meetings
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - Architecture SIG call is moving to Mondays at 8:30 AM US/Pacific starting June 17
    - Wednesday June 12 - Part 2: OpenID4VCI This webinar will give an overview of one of the technical standards that underpin EUDIW ARF: OpenID4VCI, which defines an API for the issuance of Digital Credentials. The focus will be on the technical details and timelines, and answering questions from the participants/implementers. [Registration](https://hubs.la/Q02zHpm-0)
    - [Video from Mondayâ€™s OpenID4VP workshop/AMA with Kristina and Oliver](https://youtu.be/bPtBL5DHWhc?feature=shared)

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-05-29.md#action-items)
    - Onboard OpenID4BLE Library lab - _in progress_
        - Created Discord channel (#tuvali) - **completed**
        - [Repo created](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/tuvali) - code needs to be transferred
        - [Project page available](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/tuvali/)
    - Onboard Trust Spanning Protocol lab - **completed**
        - Created Discord channel (#tsp)
        - [Repo](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/tsp) available
        - [Project page available](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/tsp/)
    - Onboard Credhub project - **completed**
        - Created Discord channel (#credhub)
        - [Repo](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/credhub) created
        - [Project page available](https://tac.openwallet.foundation/projects/credhub/)

- Project Proposal: mdl.js
    - **RESOLVED**: That the [mdl.js lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/37) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Ace motioned; Pete seconded
        - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members
 
- Project Annual Reviews
    - [SD-JWT Python Annual Review](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/163)
        - **RESOLVED**: TAC members agree to continue to sponsor the SD-JWT Python lab at its current stage
            - Wenjing montioned; Ace seconded
            - Unanimously approved by the present TAC voting members
    - SD-JWT Kotlin Annual Review: Opened issue [openwallet-foundation-labs/sd-jwt-python#22](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/sd-jwt-python/issues/22) on May 30, 2024
        - Discussion around whether we should move this project to Emeritus given the statement in the [README](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation-labs/sd-jwt-kotlin/blob/main/README.md)

            !!! quote

                Important note: This project is no longer maintained. We recommend using the eudi-lib-jvm-sdjwt-kt library instead. If you are interested in maintaining this project, please contact Fabian Hauck.

        - Ace volunteered to maintain this project going forward

- Safe Wallet SIG Update
    - Dan Bachenheimer shared the [EIC presentation on the Safe Wallet SIG](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1798CEGraK6RgVDqz3zU_n28ReHvbobr1/edit#slide=id.p5)
    - Brian brought up the concern of how to we "approve" the work that is done by the SIGs

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting June 26, 2024
        - Discuss approval process for SIG output

