# 2024-04-03

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-03-20.md#action-items)
- Welcome New “At Large” Representatives
- Architecture SIG Q2 Update
- TAC Chair/Vice Chair Nomination Process and Voting Schedule
- Wiki Update
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17nhsnURPUM7Tpz9kK6SbqDK5-_KJmg_2Wb6gqJQqizg/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording]()

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] David Zeuthen
- [ ] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [ ] Mike Varley
- [ ] Pete Cooling
- [ ] Stavros Kounis
- [ ] Tracy Kuhrt
- [ ] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items

## Meeting Minutes

- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG  meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call April 8)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CET (next call April 9)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 7am US/Pacific (next call April 9)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CET on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call April 10)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CET on the same weeks as the TAC (next meeting April 4)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-03-20.md#action-items)
    - Determine way to get the sample project charter more visible on the website -- **[completed](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/pull/127)**

- Welcome New “At Large” Representatives
    - Thank you to all the nominees.
    - Welcome back, Stavros!
    - Welcome, Ace!
    - Thank you for your service, Jeremy!

- Architecture SIG Q2 Update
    - Reviewed these [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1RanuUT2I_K4E0vuwc2qQ4ue7DhNLhbbkmrk6U6pLsnE/edit?usp=drive_link)

- TAC Chair/Vice Chair Nomination Process
    - **Only TAC voting members are eligible to run for the TAC chair and vice chair seats.**
    - Electing a vice chair will be held in conjunction with the chair election; the person with the second highest number of votes will serve as the vice chair.
    - Submit nominations via a GitHub issue at [2024 Chair/Vice Chair Nomination](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/tac/issues/new?assignees=&labels=2024-chair-vice-chair-nomination&projects=&template=chair-vice-chair-nomination.md&title=%5BNOMINATION%5D%3A+2024+Chair%2FVice+Chair+_Name_)
    - Title of issue: [NOMINATION]: 2024 Chair/Vice Chair _Name_
    - Include a short bio, outline your qualifications, and provide a statement explaining why you would be a good choice for the seat
    - See [Elections](../../governance/elections.md) for more information.

- TAC Chair/Vice Chair Voting Schedule
    - **2023-04-03** Nomination Period Begins
    - **2023-04-10** Noon PT Nomination Period Ends
    - **2024-04-10** Helios Voting Ballot Distributed to Existing TAC Members
    - **2024-04-16** Noon PT Voting Ends
    - **2024-04-16** Results Announced on the TAC mailing list
    - **2024-04-17** New Chair and Vice Chair begin their term

- Wiki Update
    - https://wiki.openwallet.foundation

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting April 17, 2024

