# 2024-04-17

!!! note "Reminder"
    These meetings are covered by the [Antitrust Policy](../../governance/antitrust.md) and the [Code of Conduct](../../governance/code-of-conduct.md).

## Agenda
- Announcements
- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-04-03.md#action-items)
- Chair/Vice Chair Results
- Project Proposal: [React Native Kit for EUDI Wallet Reference Implementation](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/30)
- OWF Naming Policy Update
- [Content Plan](https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/d/1lTRYZSX61yJdLKay4MWn1VH49YJHn48aOaCiWlpC-Xo/edit)
- Open discussion and next steps

## Links
- [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ClClwQQe8HG_QCuAoZqa3F9g-YF0aH7eb0_CAl_mdzk/edit?usp=sharing)
- [recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/uRlAOPu_gQGcOT-zupwZ0-ebO8B8IrCpSNY_rnJqqy4eVPCMvIOYFhqtujLN-k3r.cS4AUVSoO8639JiX)

## TAC Voting Members

- [ ] David Zeuthen
- [x] Jaehoon (Ace) Shim
- [ ] Mike Varley
- [x] Pete Cooling
- [x] Stavros Kounis
- [x] Tracy Kuhrt
- [ ] Wenjing Chu

## Action Items
- Set up new lab eudi-wallet-kit-react-native
    - Discord channel
    - GitHub repo

## Meeting Minutes

- Announcements
    - Architecture SIG  meets weekly on Mondays at 11am US/Pacific (next call April 22)
    - OID4VC Due Diligence task force meets bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 5pm CET (next call April 23)
    - Safe Wallet SIG meets weekly on Tuesdays at 7am US/Pacific (next call April 23)
    - Credential Format Comparison SIG meets bi-weekly on Wednesdays at 4pm CET on alternate weeks to the TAC (next call April 24)
    - Digital Wallets and Agents Overviews SIG meets biweekly on Thursdays at 5:00pm CET on the same weeks as the TAC (next meeting April 18)
    - Please submit any code proposals using the process defined at https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals. We will review proposals in the order submitted at a TAC meeting. If you know of any potential projects that might be of interest to the OpenWallet Foundation, please let a staff member know so that they can follow up
    - EIC Planning discussions taking place on [Discord](https://discord.gg/openwalletfoundation) in the #eic-planning channel
    - The Hyperledger Identity SIG (ID SIG) recently hosted Jorge and Jesus from Entidad for "How The Aries Digital Trust Ecosystem Helped Distribute $60M USD (and counting) to Essential Workers. You can check out the recording [on YouTube.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVo8F_qSz0Y)
    - Michel Sahli is our GAC representative

- Review action items from [last meeting](./2024-04-03.md#action-items)
    -  Create a content plan for where stuff should live and who should control the content -- [in progress](https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/d/1lTRYZSX61yJdLKay4MWn1VH49YJHn48aOaCiWlpC-Xo/edit)

- Chair/Vice Chair Results
    - Thank you to all nominees
    - Stavros, vice chair
    - Tracy, chair

- Project Proposal: React Native Kit for EUDI Wallet Reference Implementation
    - RESOLVED:   That the [React Native Kit for EUDI Wallet Reference Implementation lab proposal](https://github.com/openwallet-foundation/project-proposals/pull/30) is hereby confirmed, approved, and adopted.
        - Stavros motion; Ace seconded; Approved unanimously by the present TAC members

- OWF Naming Policy Update
    - Reviewed [Project Naming Policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jd6ZxNRYDQQZDX4TtaIYrBusAJJInqrsKDFdSlsDB3Q/edit)
    - Request that the community provide suggested edits and comments
    - After incoming feedback, Sean will work with the LF Staff prior to bringing back to the TAC for approval

- Content Plan
    - Quickly reviewed [Content Plan](https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/d/1lTRYZSX61yJdLKay4MWn1VH49YJHn48aOaCiWlpC-Xo/edit)
    - Request that the community provide suggested edits and comments
    - Determine where source of truth is for certain items, like the project list

- Open discussion and next steps
    - Next TAC Meeting May 1, 2024

